'kay, look: Can we just drop this? I'm not gonna smoke again.
Dog grooming huh? Okay, just don't make my tail too poofy.
Look, I'm just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff.
Can I come a little bit closer, valuable things are getting squished...
Oh, okay, I have condom in my wallet that I've had since I was twelve.
Braid each other's hair and ride horseback on the beach?
yeah just some good old fashion girl on girl American action.
Hey, does anybody need anything copied? I'm going down to the Xerox place.
Okay, I thought of the joke two months ago at lunch with Steve.
Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?
Well, I just thought it'd make me feel good to do something nice for my friend.
Oh since forever! I used to go all over town listening to bands!
Because sometimes, Phoebe after you sleep with someone, you have to kill the fish.
I'm full, and yet I know if I stop eating this, I'll regret it.
Yeah. I know it must be important to you when you start chattering like a monkey.
Wait a minute, hold the phone! You're not talking about Chuckles University?!
Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.
Well, then it looks like somebody is gonna have to give back somebody his cushions.
I figured I'd buy those. Pat, I'd like to buy a vow.
For your information, I was staring at her baby. We're about to be parents.
I don't know, but Donald Trump wants his blue blazer black.
Sounds like two people are really enjoying the Dewey decimal system.
Oh, you know, I would, but that might get in the way of my lying around time.
Well, I... I've got a pop-up book that told me everything I need to know.
Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie.
Okay. And it's not just chicks y'know? It's all kinds of other animals!
Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house.
Yeah, I thought so to until I paper mached one of my eyes shut.
Janice was my safety net, ok? And now I have to get a snake.
If that is your father calling to tell this story then the marriage is off!
Okay, so Rachel's got 48 and Phoebe has the lead in...vegetables, Joey?
I don't, I hate Joseph, ok. I think he's a brown-nosing suck up.
Hey look, are we gonna have to bring this out every time Ross comes over?
Would you get that please? People have been calling to congratulate me all day.
Thanks, Phoebe. But I just don't really see myself in a big white hat.
Ohh, she's pretty. Pretty ahh, pretty girl, the pretty--she's pretty.
The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell.
If I untangle you, will you please get rid of the corn rose?
Oh yes! Monica, get in here! There's a high-speed car chase on!
The spoon. You licked and-and you put. You licked and you put.
Great, a faster way to tell people that I'm unemployed and childless .
Oh please, I saw the way you were checking out his mouldings. You want it.
He's not supposed to ask my girlfriend to marry him! I'm supposed to do that!
I do! Want a hint? huh? "I do" "I do".
Oh. Well, hold on camper, are you sure you've thought this thing through?
They were huge. When she sneezed, bats flew out of them.
Your little men are gonna get scored on more times than your sister.
But I didn't get to shape my belly like a bowl full of jelly.
Hey! How come I'm stuck dicing, when he gets to ball the melon.
Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
So apparently we just don't pay for food anymore. Do you see what I see?
Emma? Emma? Look at me! Well, I think I'll go downstairs for a while.
Oh it's always nicer to here than, "Aw crap! You again!"
Oh please, could she be more out of my league? Ross, back me up here.
Hey Rach! Ah........ Perfection. Wouldn't change a thing. Not a thing.
Stop it! You're killing me! I think I just moved on to Phase Four!
Okay. Listen-listen, we're not gonna have to walk this way the entire time are we?
Yeah, well, I miss the tip! It's the best part. It has the nail.
The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.
It's OK. It's OK. I was always rooting for you two kids to get together.
Well why didn't you stop her?! Why didn't you just tell her it was a plan?!
No, I guess I just never really cried. Y'know? I'm not a crying kind of guy.
Yeah, he's lived here for years, I don't, I don't know what you're talking about man.
Look, I may not know a lot about babies, but do you really think I'm not capable?
No it's not. It's small. It's tiny. It's petite. It's wee.
This is exactly the kind of social situation that I am not comfortable with!
Well, listen, don't tell us what's gonna happen though, 'cause I like to be surprised.
Y'know sometimes the good ideas are just right in front of you, aren't they?
Look, you know what? If this is the way you feel, then maybe you should take it.
Yes, Joey's made arrangements to have his baby in a movie from the 50's.
Yes, and while I'm doing that, Ross has a great computer story for you.
Really? Wow. That's some pretty powerful imaginary sperm you must have there.
Uhh, that was Joey. He's running a little late, he says he's sorry.
If you need money, will you please-please just let me loan you some money?
Oh my God, I can't believe this! Y'know, I thought...I thought you were a good guy.
No, look, that's it, it's over, I want you out, I want you out of the apartment now.
That's a good thing actually, because ah, he used to have me rehearse with him.
Sur-surprise him? We're not, we're not gonna make anybody mad are we?
Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable environment.
Almost as good as that play with the two naked girls on the see-saw.
OK, I'm gonna get some more coffee before the pinching and eye-poking begins.
Oh, believe me, to survive this party, you're gonna have to come up with one too.
What happened to 'you can't live without me four days a week'?
But you said you forgave me. It was just a couple of cigarettes-no big deal.
Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.'
Okay, a little problem. The key broke in the lock and I can't get in!
So, how would you like to have a baby that's half yours and half his!
Of course the packaging does appeal to grown-ups and kids alike.
What are you talking about? We love Schhteve! Schhteve was schhexy!.. Sorry.
Technically we could have sex again. What do you think, bossy and domineering?!
But I didn't get to shake my belly like a bowl full of jelly.
Another cheesecake came! They delivered it to the wrong address again!
Yeah, Joey said I uh, I needed to relax so he gave me an antihistamine.
Maybe I could give thanks by taking my Playstation over to my new apartment.
I cannot believe Ross told you that! And in my defense, it was a Wendy's!
Look forget it okay? I don't want to go. I don't want to see him. I don't wanna.
I just walked in the bathroom and saw Kathy naked! It was like torture!
Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that?
Eh, they're both good. I generally just go with, Monica's drunk again.
I hear ya. But! Unfortunately, my company is transferring me overseas!
No. But uh, Joey has, and I usually talk to them in the morning time.
Hey, we haven't been on a second date, she needs to hear me pee?
Is that your tiny little box, that's too small to put anything in?
She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she?
Oh hey, it's, it's terriffic. I mean it's a regular space... fest.
Kinda puts that whole pillow thing in perspective, huh, Mon?
So you can balloon up or you can shrink down and I will still love you.
Yeah, if that was true, gym class would've been a lot more interesting.
Half a tank? We still got a lot of high-speed chasing to do!
I'm going crazy! Okay? Do you have any thing around here that looks homemade?
I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?
Uh, what about y'know the massage thing? That never gave you a heart attack.
Ohh, great, I have condom in my wallet I've had since I was twelve.
All right look, I'm changing it to 50 bucks, or your best offer.
Wow, it seems serious. What seems to be the problem, Ashley Judd?
Is it just me, or can you actually see his abs through his overcoat?!
Ew, ew, ew, ew ew ew ew ew!
All right!! Wait! Wait, there's no sidewalk! Yeah, I'm gonna die here.
I don't believe it. The most romantic night of my life and I'm runner up.
Yeah, she, she brought the invisible cab. . . hop in.
Look, I can't do this. I can't make luv to you while we're fighting this way.
Yeah, that'd be much worse than being 28, and still working here.
So Dan, nurse not a doctor huh? Kinda girlie isn't it?
OK well here, we'll just move the coffee table closer to the couch.
Our eyes are closed and we're about to cross the street. Very good.
Okay, ten bucks says that we can name every item in that bag.
Yeah, it's almost if Air Barbados doesn't care about your social life.
You know, this is actually good, because if we ever lose Ross, we have a spare.
I just came over to drop off...nothing. So that weekend kinda sucked, huh?
Well, the gay community is a lot more vocal than the dead community.
No, I realize that honey, but I'm not gonna spend all of the money on one party.
I don't know. Maybe he hooked up with that hot girl he was talking to.
Oh, good! Good! Do you guys know how to get a chick out of a VCR?!
Well, I don't see that we have a choice. But, when we're back home, we don't do it.
Okay, all right, I'll just uh, make sure that uh, Joey gets her something really great.
The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.
Yep. That's a lot of cats Jo Lynn. Single are ya?
Typical Christmas-y stuff, you know? Our holidays are pretty traditional...
Well, let's just say the impressions you made in the butter left little to the imagination.
Well, maybe since the age of 9, Frannie's made some new friends.
Well maybe if you go to school here next year we can totally hang out.
No, I mean it, this feels really good. Is it a hundred percent cotton?
Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush.
Well this is great! I'll give you a call! We should do it again sometime!
Nah, not so much. Alright, now we smoke. Oh.. my.. God.
You wouldn't know if Jeanette's planning on keeping her baby, would ya?
Weekly Estimated Net Usage Systems. A processing term.
Hey Ross, I was wondering if... Oh my God!! Where are all the men???
Um, we're kind of having an emergency and we-we were looking for something...
Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY.
I-I can't believe Jill's gone. I can't help it, I opened a gate.
Oh yeah. First off all, chasing the Churo guy isn't jogging.
Why not?! I mean it's just, it's just climbing! It's just, it's just steep!
The only way that that is going to happen, is if the other couple are the Hitlers.
Oh no-no-no! Stay! Stay! Because you-you should you-you-you should stay!
No you don't! No, no, no, I say you have to give your divorce another chance.
Hey it's the most eligible man in NY. How's the moving on going?
We wanted to kiss at midnight, but nobody else is going to so y'know...
It was at the front door. When I got home. Somebody sent it to us.
You can't tell, but I'm trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!
Oh, well, ah... maybe thats because theyre ah... jealous, of us.
That thing, it's a uhh. . . yeah it's, it's a little flashy.
Question. If I don't care about my watch, can I use it as a weapon?
Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore.
She's right! If I were a guy and... Did I just say if I were a guy..?
Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? We'll take it.
AND TO ALL A GOOD NIGHT! *Opening Credits*
Oh, I'm packing. Y'know I'm-I'm packing 'cause I'm moving to Yemen tomorrow.
Hi Emma! It's the year 2020. Are you still enjoying your nap?
It's fine, it's fine. Look, do you wanna get this part, or not? Here.
Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new roommate Eddie.
No ah, hold on a second Joe, where do Dutch people come from?
When you go lunching with hunky moustache men and don't tell me about it!
Oh, she's at home, putting up decorations for Rachel's birthday party tonight.
Get out. Get out, get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.
Yeah, and not that you would, but I wouldn't hang out with...all the guys in my office.
It's not something to be proud of, okay? You have to go to a sleep clinic!
Oh my God, it's that Victoria's Secret model. Something... something Goodacre.
Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird...turtle-man?
Now, Monica, you know that's not how you look for an engagement ring in a lasagne...
Oh-oh, I'm a duck! I go, "Quack, quack!" I'm happy all the time!
Ok, Janice. Janice. You gotta give me Janice. That wasn't about being picky.
You can't wear that! I'm wearing the famous tux! James Bond's tux!
We will take a moonlit walk on the Rue de la .
Sure, then you should get a mini skirt so you can really show it off.
Hey, you guys! Hey, Ross, quick question for ya. Are you ready to party?
Mine is the red one! Oh God. Can open, worms everywhere.
Oh, ain't this nice? It's so quiet, I could just lie here all day.
Okay, now when you come back I hope you remember that, that chick is not a toy!
Okay, let's play! The big game, Italy vs. China, apparently.
That's right! Where are the guys? I'm ready to get drunk and see some strippers.
All right look, forget it, forget it. You told her you love her, it's over.
I'll make something up! I'm good at lying, I actually did borrow your Walkman!
Hey, yeah... we could all sleep together and then one of us could get amnesia.
You don't want to be guys, you'd be all hairy and wouldn't live as long.
Well that's not an, even a real fish. No, that's a goldfish cracker.
The door hasn't been locked in five years, but okay! Ready?!
Look, I understand, but I have to put my foot down. Okay? The answer is no.
The guy was hammered, okay? There's no way, you look like Ross's mother.
Hey, that's not good. Can I get an espresso and a latte over here, please?
Did I? Let's refresh. I believe what I said was that I could see your scalp.
All right, fine! Fine! Why don't you pull over? I'll get out right now!
Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!
Look I know it was a stupid reason to break up with somebody, but I was 15!
Bet you wish I was having an affair now, huh? TIME LAPSE.
Hey, I can be pretty charming, babe, I won YOU over, didn't I?
I think it's great. It's great. Y'know, they're thinking of changing the name of this place.
Okay, a quick one. Come on hug it out. Oh hey! There you go. Okay.
Oh, they said uh, "You don't have insurance here, so stop calling us."
Well, thanks. I grow it myself. Y'know who also has great hair is Joey!
They're not even paying ya! This doesn't even sound like a real movie!
Seriously? Seriously, no! You can play your own age which is 31!
Oh, that's Parent's Day, first grade. That's me with the janitor Martin.
Oh, umm, Joey was born, and then 28 years later, I was robbed!!
Thank you Gunther, put it there. Definitely not easier with coins. Thank you.
Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you.
I don't even know the man. Okay? We're not the close. I haven't seen him in years.
Monica, could you excuse us for a second? I need to talk to the girl with the flowers.
Phoebs, let me ask you something, were, were these, uh, funny brownies?
You know what I just realized? We have no idea what we're doing in the wedding tomorrow.
I am so much older than these other interns. I can't compete with them.
That sounds like my first bike. My dad gave me his old one.
Hey, y'know what? Why don't we think about changes we can make in the living room?
And the wiggle wharms and the zip zorps? What were the things you said?
Oh? Did somebody miss me? Is there a child to raise poorly?
What...? That's not you! Life is good again! Ride 'em cowgirl!
Yes, yes, it's just that we ah, we kinda all ready, made plans with Ross.
Then, I might as well ... do this . Not really sure what to do now.
Oh come on, it was so obvious! There was no chemistry between you two!
Oh yeah, well can you picture me saying "Go to your room! You're grounded"?
If I'd known you guys were coming over, I would have brought more pizza.
If I was a superhero who could fly and be invisible, that would be the best.
Nothing, except tell you, uh, I think it's wonderful how much energy you have.
You're not gonna die an old maid, maybe an old spinster cook.
Okay! Now I assume the Saucer card came up when you played last.
Is that Joey? Is that Joey? Let me talk to him! I wanna talk to him!
It's great. Maybe tomorrow we can rent a car and run over some puppies.
Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there is a reason why we can't have a baby?
All right, y'know what, we've been talking about London too much haven't we?
Nah-uh! I know you! Okay? I know the thoughts that you have in the head--in your head!
It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very were gonna be having all the sex.
Janice. Hi, Janice. Ok, here we go. I don't think we should go out anymore. Janice.
Hey listen, we've gotta go, I promised Richard we'd meet him downstairs.
I'm just hanging out. Y'know, having fun. Y'know with the girl that I'm seeing casually.
Oh my God! Those are my bedroom eyes?! Why did you ever sleep with me?
Hello. Hi, Janice! Can you hold on for a second? Okay. Okay, what do I do?
You know, I mean, you can't tell your parents you were fired because they'd be disappointed.
I'll take one. Sometimes I like to hold stuff like this and pretend I'm a giant.
If I took this promotion, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.
Where is she, Where is she? Oh, hey, I have a question, where is she?
Well you know that thing you said before, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't intrigued.
Yeah, I guess I could use that. I could say that your love sends me to the moon.
Well they were chair-shaped cows. They never would have survived in the wild.
So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us.
Ok. So if we both had Emma and I die she'd have to give her up.
Oh, so that's this is gonna work now? You're just gonna order me around all the time?
Kind of. She's coming by to interview us and see where we live.
Okay. Thats better. Now I want you to both apologize to each other and mean it.
I'm gonna do it tomorrow y'know, and-and surprise her, but now you've ruined it!
Is this still about her whole 'The Flintstones could've really happened' thing?
Hi! I'm back. Yeah, that sounds great. Okay. Well, we'll do it then. Okay, bye-bye.
Are you judging them by their covers? Because you're really not supposed to do that.
Yeah, it's two guys in a ring, and the rules are "There are no rules."
Okay, okay, just because he buys you dinner, does not mean you owe him anything.
Yeah, I mean we're gonna have to move around some furniture to make room for my chair.
Pheebs, I don't understand. How can you have a roommate that none of us know anything about?
Look you have to help me out here. I thought we had a deal. I thought by the time...
Well, my Grandfather was Swedish and my Grandmother was actually a tiny little bunny.
Well, it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out?
Well, actually, yesterday I was smoking again. Today, I'm, I'm smoking still.
But kids are so intuitive. Don't you think on some level he already knows?
Hey, come on, you came through, you did what you had to do. That is very dad.
You do owe me so much. You owe me three thousand, four hundred...
Monica says that her Maitre D. is the funniest guy she's ever met.
Well you wouldn't, but we own the paper, we can print whatever we want.
No. And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out. Monica, this is getting ridiculous!
I'm not even getting married! Okay, this is a question for science fiction writers!
Don't take this personally okay? It's just that I just can't have sex with a sick person.
It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very happy were gonna have all the sex.
Airplane! Airport! Airport '75! Airport '77! Airport '79!
He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego.
Don't try to sway her. I'm your only chance to have a baby. Okay, let's go.
Fine, but if we end up not doing this Maxim thing because of this party...
It's just you and Rachel, just the two of you? This is a date. You're going on a date.
So, uhh, em, you want me to uh, give you a hand with the foosball table?
We didn't get to the audition. I'm gonna take her to coffee and then we'll do it then.
I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would've happened already?
Well, 'cause she came back the third summer and she'd gotten really fa-aa-aw-ow...
Uh-huh, first you tell us where you got the prettiest lace in all the land.
No, you didn't get me!! It's an electric drill, you get me, you kill me!!
Hey, will you grab me a cruller? Sit down! Will you go to the hospital?!
Na, forget it, it's probably stripped and sold for parts by now.
Okay, there are no famous Joey's. Except for, huh, Joey Buttafucco.
Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts. Chan and Jan Forever.
Well he's probably mad after you called him this morning to borrow his goggles.
No, it's not that, I just don't want to be stuck here all night with your fat sister.
Would you just please....give me the receipt 'cause this is great. It's top notch.
Well, it's not like I went to Spain. I went to the bathroom, you knew I was coming back.
Well, actually it's a hockey team, so it's angry Canadians with no teeth.
Oh, right, well yeah, I graduated fourth grade and realized I wasn't a pimp.
Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke-(Yelps in
Yeah. Hey, here's an idea, why don't we use our wedding china today?
Well the people in my group wanna spend the holiday weekend with their families.
Eldad is much more cooperative! And he can dance! You dance for Rachel!
I know. *He* always wanted to be the first black man to cross the Atlantic.
You're gonna be carrying their baby and give them a Sony Play Station?
No, there are great pictures of you standing next to a guy who's going like this...
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you're right. Come on, do it, do it, go, come on!!!
All right, all right, I'll go sleep with my girlfriend. But I'm just doing it for you guys.
Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent forever.
Y'know what? It's gonna be okay. Y'know what? She's probably not gonna even want to come.
All right, all right, we were. We were trying to make a baby. Monica's ovulating.
So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife's a reverend, that's important to you?
Maybe, isn't she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud?
Listen er..I need to ask you a favor but you can't tell Monica anything about it.
Well, I thought if I littered, that crying Indian might come by and save us.
I don't think this town is big enough for both of us to relax in. Draw!!
I am your friend, and I am not gonna let you do this!! You are surprisingly strong!
Oh, she's got you running errands, y'know, picking up wedding dresses... Wah-pah!
Where did you, when did you, how did you... How did you get a girl like that?
You're right, I'm sorry. "Once I was a wooden boy, a little wooden boy..."
Sleeping with somebody new, anxiety, panic, and I'm afraid even more sweating.
Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won't look at me.
Now wait a minute, I claimed you in the name of France four years ago.
Well, if the magician can open my beer with his but cheeks, then all right.
Okay. But if you don't come back soon, there's pretty much nothing I can do about it!
This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! Yes, the groom-No! Not the groom!!
Yes. Yes, thanks for letting me use your phone... and for saving my life.
We've been driving for a half-hour, and you haven't looked at the road once.
Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up socks... and a melon...
Well, we have to do something. We can't have her living next door. Oh, that does it too.
Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps-She knows!
Well, if it helps there were only three. So it would just be for tonight, right?
Wh-wh-why, wh-why, why, why was there kissing!? There should be no kissing!!
Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian nightmare.
Y'know, I would've bet good money that he'd be the first one of us to get married.
Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's midnight! Somebody kiss me!
Okay before we start the celebration, Monica has to go put on her party dress.
Because I went to an all boys high school and God is making up for it.
Ross, I am not gonna run away again! I just want to get a little fresh air.
Oh, I hate that. I once had a thing of half and half, stole my car.
Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea.
That's okay Pheebs, we're not having a party or anything, so you don't have to get us...
Get the woman a pad! Get the woman a pad! A pad! A pad!
Okay, now will you guys get out of here? I want this is to be a surprise and she's gonna know.
No, no, no... They're really yours. We... found them in your old room.
WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!!
Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old, that's little.
It's gonna be okay, right? I mean she's not gonna leave me? This is, this is fixable.
My favorite part was when Superman flew all the Jews out of Egypt.
I'll hold you close in my arms. I can't resist your charms. And love....
I think this is the first time in our marriage that I've felt like the more attractive one.
Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?
Yeah, yeah. Some people said some nice things about him. I think somebody should have it.
Yes, and his father invented that magnetic strip on the back of credit cards.
C'mon, there's nothin' to see, it's just a tiny bump, it's totally useless.
So, you uh, you think that Speed Racer guy gets a lot of tickets er?
Y'know, how did I get this reputation as a dropper? Okay? I'm anything but a dropper.
You know, I once dated a Miss Crankypants. Lovely girl, kinda moody.
Okay! Listen, I'm gonna be moving out so you will be in charge of paying the rent.
Okay, but impersonating a police officer is a serious thing. You could get arrested.
Kind of? If you just kept this to yourself none of this would've happened.
All right, now look at her and tell me she doesnt look exactly like her sister.
Oh yeah, that's very nice. Plus, y'know they were free and they're too small.
Yeah but they're right. I mean, I'm not a strong father figure and I never will be.
Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route.
Okay, well it this bed isn't new, how come there is plastic on the mattress?
Y'know what? There's some nice guys at my office, do you want me to set you up?
Well, we haven't exactly met, we just stayed up all night talking on the internet.
Well I was! Then I went down to the gift shop because I was out of cigarettes...
Monica, there are no words... There are no words! This should not be this hard!
Listen, in the middle of everything if I scream the word, "Yippee!" just ignore me.
Okay, but let's do it now though, because Chopper 5 just lost it's feed!
Maybe it's the sound of Ross climbing into my brain and stealing my thoughts.
Wow, you'd think we should get that over 20 years or go for the big payout.
Oh, I'm Ross. I'm Ross. I'm too good for the Hut; I'm too good for the Hut.
You know, you always cook this meal all by yourself. Let me help this year.
I mean, if it were me, I think I'd have difficulty just getting out of bed at all.
Yeah, I've been to these places before, but I've never really seen them, you know.
No, I don't even think he knew. Hey, would you sleep with somebody to get a great job?
Tonight?! Isn't an engagement ring supposed to have a diamond? Oh, there it is!
Okay, here's the thing. We're gonna get you some coffee and they will never know that you're drunk.
OK, I guess this is gonna seem kinda bittersweet now, but... Joey, that's who.
And I was a perfect gentleman and I walked her to her hotel room and said goodnight.
I'll teach ya! Come on, come on, it's really easy and really, really fun.
Do you mind if we stick you in another cabinet? They seem all right with it!
Ok, so let me just get this straight. So we're uh, strictly talking about the middle?
I know, that, that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid.
Ahh, come on! Y'know what-y'know what, I think I'm just gonna go home and call Kathy.
A hot girl's at stake and all of the sudden he's Rain Man.
If you listen very carefully, I think its Celebration by Cool and the Gang.
See, you think it's just a pen, but then you turn it over and it's also a clock.
Hey! Here's a dollar, consider it a deposit. Please sing at our wedding.
Jeez, at 2:30 in the morning, I didn't expect to have to fight over the remote.
When your head was hanging out the window, it didn't hit a mailbox, did it?
Scotch on the rocks, with a twist, on a coaster? Ha-ha, Monica! Monica!
Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.
Because, you know, you don't have to. If you want, you could just take a nap right here.
Look, I just wanted to apologize for last night. I got the feeling we made you a little uncomfortable.
Well, I suppose I'd have to say you!! But, what if we're watching a movie in here?
Well... we-we do. You can only eat Tic Tacks in even numbers.
Okay and he hasn't proposed yet because she has no ring on her finger.
Yeah, listen. Okay, before you do anything Joey-like, you might wanna run it by err...
Well seeing that drunk Santa wet himself, really perked up my Christmas.
Gee if only she were one and had no idea what the hell a birthday was!
Oh, now? No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a special occasion.
No, I hope not! I tried to offer him some money, but he wouldn't take it.
We talked 'til like two. It was this perfect evening... more or less.
OK that's not what he was doing. Alright, he was looking for his bus money.
Nothing! I said, I said "You're so great" and then I just, I just stopped talking!
That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she sure can dance... Hey!
Yeah. Either that, or you just turned him on and sent him off to a stripper.
Yeah y-you, how hard is it to say something? Rachel came over to borrow something.
Yeah, Karen. I'm thinking about having an affair with her. Oh, you know what? I just did.
Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, pregnant bellies look like a drum.
What would she get for herself for two thousand dollars that she wouldn't tell me about?
Well y'know, Monica and I were friends before we started dating. So maybe-maybe that's it?
This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue.
That's right, each. Oh, and a uh Rob Roy. I've always wanted to know...
Yeah, jus' second. Good-bye Mr. Heckles. We'll try to keep it down.
everything's great, just watching some regular television there, what a pleasant surprise.
Well, that's the best kiss I've had with anyone I've ever met in a men's room.
Is everybody else seeing a troll doll nailed to a two by four?
Okay, so I guess that's about ah, two weeks before the topless thing kicks in.
That's a relatively open weave and I can still see your... nipular areas.
Yeah, I'm fine. I'm trppd in an ATM vstbl wth Jll Gdcr.
Joey just called. He's got courtside Knicks tickets for him and me tomorrow night.
Well, y'know if Joey and I played with matches we could get you up to an even hundred.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, you don't like the guy Rachel's dating? Well, that's odd.
And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym.
Joey, look, are you attracted to Monica? Right here, right now, are you attracted to her?
Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory all by yourself!
You know, I can't believe you. Linda is so great! Why won't you go out with her again?
Oh that was yours? Uh, yeah, we used it when the duck was throwing up caterpillars.
Okay, I have news. You don't have to move to Tulsa. You can stay here and keep your job.
Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me?
No, it's... fancier than a pimple. Look Ross, why don't you just go see a...
Hey thanks. Scott Alexander, Joey Tribbianni. Joey is a uh, fellow processor.
See Joe, we want you to tell stories but y'know, romantic stories. Nice stories.
Well, you know what they say, elephants never forget. Seriously, good luck marrying me.
OK, but uh, I hope you realize this means we're gonna miss hearing about the specials.
Guys, I'd listen to her. The vein is bigger than I've ever seen it.
You're not supposed to take that. Besides, it's a New Testament, what are you gonna do with it?
No Rach, it's not just you. My thirtieth birthday certainly wasn't that much fun.
All right. I thought about it and maybe you're right. Maybe Krog is not a safe toy.
Come on! Would you please pay attention, I could wake up at any moment!
Oh that's great! Right there! Can we get some of that over here please? There we go.
See? Now, that's why only the little fake men are supposed to do all the kicking.
Y'know, when you say partner it doesn't sound cop. It, it sounds gay.
How about the dinosaur twins in the other room? No-one is manning that wall!
Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!
Oh God! What was it? The thing that we hardly ever do or the thing we never do?
Well, it's a training program, but at the end, they hire the people they like.
So uh, now that little Chandler turned out to be a girl, what are they gonna name her?
They thought it was very smart of us to have a child write the recommendation letter.
Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco treat. I got her machine.
Oh, come on, there's a rest stop right up there! Come on, I really have to goooooooooo.
Anyway, I should go, one of the lifeguards was just about to dismantle a nuclear device.
That's great. All right, I gotta get to work, I got a big dinosaur bone to inspect.
No-no-no-no, I've supported you one hundred percent and I want to prove that to you in person!
Well, I was cleaning out the closet and I found some pictures of them... being used.
Hey! Well, I've been preparing for that my entire life! Or something about you that's mean!
So, Saturday night, the big night, date night, Saturday night, Sat-ur-day night!
We don't know Bob, ok? We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy.
I'd keep an eye on him! We have to find out which one the father is.
Yeah, I coulda counted to three like four times without all this 'two' talk.
Well, I think it all started when you said, "Hey Joey, why don't you be my best man."
Joey, a woman just stuck her tounge down my throat, I'm not even listening to you.
Forget it! Okay, I'm not giving up my bachelor pad for some basketball seats!
Sorry, you had a paleontologist on your face. But, uh, it's gone now, you're alright.
Oh yes! Just had me a little nubbin-ectomy. Yep! Two nipples, no waiting.
No. No. We're not gonna do that, y'know why? Because its not an even trade.
Yeah, I know, for a really great stew you just y'know, stick your head in between 'em.
I just want to watch a little television. What is the big deal? Geez, relax mom.
Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-lap. Seriously.
This-this Fonzie person you keep referring too, is that uh, is that another doctor?
Oh well, that's uh, a little later than I uh, generally care to stay, but sure!
Listen Phoebe, he's right. People are not supposed to have heart attacks at 31.
Look, I thought about it too, and I'm sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
Yeah, I know what you're thinkin'! Yes, yes, your breasts are just as firm and juicy.
Yeah... I just don't have that much cheffing experience. Unless it's an all-toast restaurant.
Uh Joe, when it's one o'clock in the morning and you don't come by? That's okay!
Ok Tommy, that's enough mourning for you! Here we go, bye bye!!
Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball..
Well, she's just so much fun with Joey, I just assumed, she'd still be living with him.
The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
I did! A penis one! Look, just so I know, what was so wrong about what I said?
I can develop a condition in which I talk and talk and no one hears a word.
No he's, he's alright, just uh, he spends most of his time in his room.
All right, fine, you know what, we'll both sit in the chair. I'm soooo, comfortable.
Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this.
You know when "That's fine" sounds true when someone yells it and spits!
I can't believe I let you talk me into buying this stupid gumball machine looking ring!
Oh, I think this is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding.
Well, so, play for the next 30 minutes and then write until he gets home.
Yeahhh. I'm tellin' ya something, that ah, first smoke after nap time....
Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I'll stop seeing her?
All right, I'll tell ya what, the next time you ask me a question like that I'll lie.
Girth? Why, why, why, wh-why, why, why, why would they do this?
Ahh, Hotties of the Paleontology Department, there's a big selling calendar, eh?
Yeah, we were gonna give fifty, but if you guys gave more, we don't wanna look bad.
Oh, sure, she was probably up all night, excited about the party she knows is happening.
No I'm serious, we should tell each other everything. I do not have any secrets from you.
No, no, but they are going to lease us a Ford Focus. I'll get out of it.
I've got nowhere to go this morning. I'm unemployed! I don't know what I'm gonna do with my life.
You got it. Good woman! Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?
No, but Horny for Monica Minister called, wanting to know if we were still together.
Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us!
Oh, uhm, okay, uhm, do you mind if we ask you some questions about the father?
Yeah, but how would you like it if someone told the triplets that you gave birth to them?
That's a great idea! We can easily think of a way for us both to enjoy the room.
Yeah. Yeah, but it was a really, really long time ago! Does she still feel bad?
Oh God, I can't believe I'm even considering this... I'm very very aware of my tongue...
I've actually ruined this haven't I? It's time for the good ice cream now, right?
Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'...
Alright, ok, alright. So I can't fire Joseph but uh, I can sleep with his wife.
Look, when I've been drinking, sometimes I tend to get overly friendly, and I'm sorry.
Well I just, thought maybe you'd wanna book some time with the best you'd ever had.
If you guys feel this big, maybe that's not our fault. Maybe that's just how you feel.
Yeah, because if I was at my old job we'd say 300 million? No thank you!
Mr. Millionaire, new from Snooty Playthings! Third wife sold separately.
Ladies, ladies, let's just compromise okay? Phoebe, Rachel take off Monica's bra.
No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are.
I wish there was an easier way for us to have a child but I don't think there is one.
Oh yes, yes, we could play some other game... like, uh, I don't know... Pictionary?
You not gonna believe this: She lied! She tricked me into having sex with her.
Actually, this is for Kathy's birthday. It's an early edition of her favorite book.
We were playing Gin? Y'know if we were a couple, we could play this game naked.
Yeah, and there's a bowl of cranberry sauce that... what happens to cranberry sauce?
Hello. It's Gandolf!!! So, are you in town? Oh, well, well maybe next time then.
All right Joey, be nice. So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?
Janice's birthday is coming up, I want to get her something speacial. Come in here with me.
So, you gotta play the odds, pick somebody who's gonna be in the country like all the time.
Where I don't want to have a relationship ever! I just want to have sex with strippers and my friends!!
I'm sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and i was somebody else's subconscious.
You just said... Of course you're my best friend. Would you please tell Rachel though?
We're going to Everest! Okay, it would be nice to leave an ass print on Everest!
Here you go Joe, here's the freshly squeezed orange juice you asked for.
Your parents caught Ross smoking pot in college and he blamed it on me!
Well, we are fond of the silliness, but we also have a soft spot for the love.
Well, no, although I did have an imaginary friend, who... my parents actually preferred.
So you came to the room looking for Joey? Did you ever in-intend on telling me about this?
Oh-no-no-no! Don't! Don't! See-see, you're getting me confused, I'm starting to urn.
Susie Moss, right, yeah, wow, you look. . . great job growing up.
Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke--Diet Coke.
I mean, You wouldn't want any part of me to get any bigger would you? Don't answer that.
Look, uh, just come later, we'll get everything squared away and you can come back later.
It's a baby! A beautiful little baby! And some other stuff I'm gonna pretend I don't see.
Y'know what, I think we can go out there. I mean they have more important things to worry about.
Oh good, 'cause I've already thought of 3... 4! I've just thought of a fourth.
I know, I went to the tanning place and the same thing happened to me. You have to let me in.
And uh, you don't have a mustache which is good. I'm Chandler; I make jokes when I'm uncomfortable.
All right, Pheebs, back me up here, ok? You believe in that karma crap, don't you?
Yeah, it was time. The old condom ring in the leather just doesn't say 'cool' anymore.
Well, it's sharp, it's metal, I think I can do some, you know, serious damage with it.
Our adoption social worker is coming by today so we are cleaning the apartment.
Okay. I'm gonna get the ring! I'm gonna get the ring! I'm gonna go find her and I'm just going to propose!
Who's number two? One of the more difficult games sewer workers play.
Well, is there any chance you were looking into a bright, shiny thing called a mirror?
I know, I know, I just always wondered if I could get her eyes to pop out of her head.
Hey honey, you got the kind with the little girl, you said we were gonna to get the kind with the baby.
Hey! Hold on a minute, hold on a second. Do you think these pearls are nice?
Well, y'know two regulars. And ah one that barely qualifies as... Ahh, what?
He's a great guy, y'know? And he loves you a lot, you are a very lucky lady.
Y'know what, he's right. There's something like uh, ammonia in that, that like kills the pain.
Okay! Okay! Let me try it again, you're gonna wanna date this next guy, I swear!
Hey uh, Rach, funny story. I ah, bumped into Joanna on the street yesterday.
Alright, whoever this is, stop calling me! It's been six months! It's not funny!
He's doing that weird eye contact thing. Don't look at him, don't look at him!
I don't know. Maybe it's because it smells a little weird. It's like old pumpkins or something.
OK, now wait a minute. That is the craziest typing test I've ever seen.
Okay, okay, I tell you what. You roll another hard eight; and we get married here tonight.
Sir, can I ask you to umm, could you...hold out that ring and ask me to marry you?
Oh, he's in the back. The duck pissed him off, said that eggs came first.
Is not as important as the fact that Phoebe took care of the babies all by herself.
Ross, just for my own piece of mind, you're not married to anymore of us are ya?
No! Smokes-A-Lot Lady blew smoke directly into my mouth. Eh-uh-are you okay?
That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man slash woman.
If we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night.
Okay... You start on the image of a guy putting on the shoes. He's about my age.
Because weddings are a great place to meet women, and when I dance, I look like this...
Joey, there was a little girl who lived here, but she died like 30 years ago.
Where's Monica?! Where is she? I need to talk to her! It's urgent! Is she here?
Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse.
Becasue it reminded you of the way our forefathers used to bitch at each other?
Or maybe she doesn't steal stuff and Joey just slept with her and never called her back.
No, we're still together. Yeah we went out for two summers, and then I broke up with her.
Look! Look! Look what the... Look what... Look what the floating heads did!
So, when I woke up this morning, he'd stolen all the insoles out of my shoes.
It is to me. You wanted to sleep with Batman, and instead you had to settle for Robin.
That's good! I liked it, they didn't. Joey, for God's sake, go to work! .
Well, I was kinda hoping we could do this without him. Oh no-no-no, leave the gloves on.
Y'know it's funny I started it but, now it's scary me. So could you come out here please?
No, if crazy plate lad.. If Monica dies then I would get Emma, Right?
Oh, so, forget about the birds, but big red insects suggest fine dining!
Don't say Richard! Well, if they're not Monica's and they're not yours, then whose are they?
So she was just pretending to have a good time last night? She was lying to our faces?!
That is so weird, because every time I go to the dentist, I look down the hygienist's blouse.
How can she be great if she's from Poughkeepsie? That joke would've killed in Albany.
That's right, I can throw her off. I can make her think marriage is the last thing on my mind.
And the other ah, Dutch people, they come on from somewhere near the Netherlands, right?
The actor playing Mac couldn't do it, they needed to see you at 2 o'clock.
Wait a minute, is she going for spring vacation or is she going for spring break?
Ooh, that girl that I hate, eww, drives me crazy, eww, eww, oh!
Fine. We're just sitting here. Alone. Doing nothing. It's our rehearsal for tomorrow.
We don't. Not until it's a hundred percent. I mean, why upset everybody over nothing.
Oh, so what you're saying is you're not completely fulfilled by Rick, Ethan and myself?
Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong?
We can't tell him, you can't go up to a guy you barely know and talk about his.... stuff.
Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
You look beautiful mom. You look beautiful too dad. I love you both. I'm so glad you here.
Oh yeah, your uh, name came up in a uh, conversation that terrified me to my very soul.
Oh, don't thank me, thank the jerk that never showed up. Okay, I gotta get to get to work.
Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater.
Okay, wait. All right, that's it, okay, I'm out of here. I am not going to be embarrassed anymore!
Hey, I'm going for sushi does anybody want.. Whoa-whoa, somebody missed the off ramp.
You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?
I can not believe that I am going out with someone that is getting divorced. I'm such a grown up.
Well, that's the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I'll be in Cuba.
I'm only going to pretend I'm moving to Yemen, it's the only way I can get rid off her.
Well, let me see... I-I believe I'm... yes, falling asleep in front of the TV.
The weirdest thing happened at the coffee house, I think, I think Phoebe was hitting on me.
Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was, like, your father a doctor?
All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at 3:30 I am going down to the courthouse.
Yeah, he let us drive his Jaguar. Joey for 12 blocks, me for 15.
Yeah, that's like the most ugliest dress I've ever seen. Wh-why do you to return it?
You know when guys hang out they don't just drink some beer and hammer up drywall?
Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this?
No, he visited a little town south of throw up. So what was Phoebe's secret?
We were two miles from the house. Scared and alone. We didn't think we could make it.
Okay, all right, all right, all right! Okay! Okay, here's something, here's something blue and new.
You didn't get more movies that are gonna have us reaching for the tissues all night did you?
Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!
Wow, this is serious. Ive never known you to pay money for any kind of capade.
All right, look, look. What did... what did you get for Angela Delveccio for her birthday?
And you did it first?! This is gonna kill him! You know how much he loves to propose!
Oh Maria. You can't say no to her, she's like this lycra spandex covered gym...treat.
Did she call? You-you told her I was sick right? Always tell her I am sick!
It's not gone! I mean, I'm sure you printed out a copy. You have a hard copy, right?
All right, there's a nuclear holocaust, I'm the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
You know, Ross, some scientists are now saying that, that monkeys and babies are actually different.
Well, what if we just ah, called her, used a fake name, and had her come to my office?
Well, second prettiest that year; I mean, of *all* the girls in Oklahoma, she's probably...
I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...
I will loan you the money. Just go to the hospital and let's just get that thing...pushed back in.
Let me see this guy. W-H-Wow! Don't show this to Monica! And don't tell her about the W-H-Wow!
It's a traditional Mexican custard dessert...Look talk to Monica, she's on the food committee.
Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, I'll be sure to give him your shoe.
You wanna tell secrets?! Okay! Okay! In college, Ross used to wear leg warmers!
Its not just that shes cute, okay. Its just that... shes really really cute.
Well, uh, let's try one more. . . there you go, say Ernie's, 8 o'clock.
It did enter my mind! But then something happened that made it, shoot right out.
At what point did it stop being funny that I took her passport? OPENING SEQUENCE.
Uhl..ell. By the way, in case you missed that, that sound was, "Uhl, ell."
Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is beating him up.
Yes, but if it's any consolation, before the bird dropped it, he seemed to enjoy it.
Y'know when I said that because we're getting married that we should share everything and not have any secrets?
Hey, you know what I was thinking? When we get married, are you gonna change your last name to Bing?
Remember that really cold morning, you woke up and those dogs were licking your face?
Look, it's my wedding day okay? If you were getting married I would never do anything to upset you.
Thank you for writing your book. Its-its uh, great book and you are the queen of everything.
Hey. Do you want this scone? It came for me but it would probably rather sleep with you!
Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am insulted. When I tell somebody I did something...
Well, I may be drunk, but I know what she said! Then I went over to Beefsteak Julie's...
Well, it's just interesting. You know, because no one will ever know, because no one can experience both.
Yeah, either that, or Gloria Estefan was right, eventually, the rhythm is going to get you.
All right, let's get some perspective here, ok? These things, they happen for a reason.
And that would have made the official party line. Monica and I are having a little financial trouble.
All right. Now go see Miss Kitty and she'll fix you up with a nice hooker.
...so then the farmer says, "That's not a cow and you're not milking it."
Well the vet seems to think that's she's becoming a rooster. We're getting a second opinion.
I think I can safely say that we all have family issues, work stuff and/or are sick.
Ken, please! No, I can't, I can't smoke. If I smoke, my wife would kill me.
Yo, paisan! Can I talk to you for a sec? Your tailor is a very bad man!
Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great with kids though.
Hey, so where are we staying? Is the movie putting us up in a big hotel suite?
It was terrible. I fought with my colleagues y'know, the entire time. Are you kidding with this?
Well, I-I-I'm done with this. You want anything Ross? Sports? International? Apartment listings?
Thanks. What, let me have her?! What do mean? Like if you didn't I wouldn't have a shot?
Will you marry me? Will you marry me? Hey, you marry me! What's going on little elves?
Yeah, well... Y'know, it just got me thinking though, why would anybody ever want to get married huh?
Why not, just because his great-grandmother was obese, our kids are gonna get that from you anyway!
Well you know, we got to talking and uh, he said he needed a place and I had a spare room.
Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.
Panicking! And using the Internet to try to prove that I'm related to Monica. How is she?
Are you kidding me?! Joey. Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey!!
Ross, a sports car? Wouldn't it have been cheaper to just stuff a sock down there?
Huh? Are, uh, any of these cultures, per chance, in the tri-state area?
Okay. And get ready to taste my very special cranberries. Or should I say... chanberries!
I need you to come to this bachelor party for my weird cousin Albert, y'know he's the botanist.
Steps! Slut! You will all be very happy to hear that Kathy is sleeping with that guy!
For my last birthday you gave me a hug! Okay, read the card! Read the card!
He could be alone. This morning I heard him do push-ups, and then talk to his triceps.
Goin' out, huh? Wow! Wow! So things didn't work out with Kathy, huh? Bummer.
You know, I don't mean to brag, but I waited tables at Innsbruck in '76. Amouz-bouche?
Because it says "Captain Ross" on the side and "I hate Monica" on the bottom.
I'm serious, let me do something, just not the turkey or the stuffing, nothing "high profile".
Well, I'm sorry Joe. I didn't think the doctor was gonna buy that it just *fell* out of the socket.
What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!
I know. Can you believe it? One year ago today I was just your annoying friend Chandler.
It means that we can keep trying, but there's a good chance this may never happen for us.
Well I do, but uh, Eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty darn good.
Well, if I was wearing your underwear then, uh, what would you be wearing?. . . You're swell.
Okay! So yeah, maybe we can get together umm... Can you hold for one second please? What?!
They don't really talk to us about that kind of stuff. I can get you some free white out though.
Monica and I are celebrating our ten-month anniversary, we've got reservations at Ja George.
I don't know. I just had this weird sense. You know, but that's me. I'm weird and sensitive. Tissue?
You, move out. Take your fruit, your stupid small fruit and GET OUT!
Ok, while Ross is on the phone, everybody owes me 62 bucks for his birthday.
He's right, if you quit this job, you then have motivation to go after a job you really want.
Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo.
Yes! Yes! I'm good! Are you good? Are you good? Is everything-are you-are you perrr-perfect?!
Come on! Gary's such a great guy! Whatever the problem is, you can work it out!
Aren't you one of the stars of the popular daytime soap Days of Our Lives?
You know what... these aren't half-bad! You should suggest something like these to Ralph Lauren.
Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother's not going to punch me. Are ya?
Shhhhhhhhh!!! I'm sorry, I thought maybe I'd make some warm milk and it would help me sleep.
Hey, y'know what, maybe we should get going. I mean what time did Chloe say we should be there?
Because you know how competitive you get and well, I say it's cute, others disagree, and I'm lying!
So, why is she leaving? Is it a school night and she has a lot of homework to do?
We were wondering what was taking so long with the gift, but now we understand you were doing this.
All right, I'd say we make a pact. Neither of us will go out with Missy Goldberg.
One. . . two. . . two and a half. OK, just show me one of them.
No no no. Good. So you're moving on? Do you have any idea where you're moving?
Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the crap I go through with my mom more than you.
Right. Look, I know I'm a little bit older than you guys, but it's not like I'm Bob Hope.
This guy invented Moss 865! Every office in the world uses that program!
Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room.
Yeah. I mean, this girl could decide against adoption or she could like another couple better..
Oh yeah, yeah! Look what I got, look what I got. See, she's fully dressed, right?
Well, there are other ways of winning back your money, how about a little uh, a little Blackjack?
Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow.
Okay, let me just jump in and ask, at what point did you think this was a successful marriage?
No-no, that's okay, apparently there's a new policy where we don't have to share everything with everybody.
Check it out! Check it out! When the babies wake up, they can meet Krog!
What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
All right, you want to see if the joke stealer will let us watch the show at his place?
Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there.
Stop talking, stop talking now. Let me just get this straight. You're actually stealing my hat?
The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor.
If you said, "Big lima bean, bubbling up." Would she understand the difference?
Oh, hi! Excuse me, is uh Rachel Green here? I was supposed to meet her for lunch.
You know, I always feel that way after an interview. I'll bet it went better than you think.
Okay. Then I guess it's just, wait here then. Hi. I need one fake ticket to Yemen.
Really? Oh What A Beautiful Morning! Surrey With A Fringe On Top.
Okay umm, before I meant you I had really little life and I couldn't imagine growing old with...
So what do you think? I want that guys genes for my kid! Those eyes, those cheeckbones!
No, no, no, no, no, no No. Monica, it's Sunday morning. I'm not running on a Sunday.
Ooh, you know, I had a grape about five hours ago, so I'd better split this with you.
Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go.
Yeah, yeah, yeah! I want you... I need you... I must have you Janice Litman Goralnik Neihosenstein.
All right, Ross, I just have to do one thing, really quickly, it's not a big deal. GET UP!!
Guys? I've got something important to tell ya. Guys? Guys?! I'm gonna ask Monica to marry me.
Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.
Wish I could switch with someone. I really don't wanna sit with Allen Iverson over there.
Oh, uh, yeah... I just knew that sometimes when you're writing, you... you don't always know the exact time.
Okay, well he totally screwed up the punch line. Y'know, it's supposed to be arrghh-eh og-errigh.
Okay, could you just stop talking for a second? Yemen. That's right, yes, I'm being transferred to Yemen!
We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes.
Freedom! I want my freedom! Why won't you here me?! Sophie, help me! Help me!!
I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and...
Kathy's with her parents, I have nothing to do, so tomorrow we are partying with Gandolf dude!
Monica, I was wondering if you can make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year.
Well, she's aware when we leave the room. She may notice if we start... canoodling in it.
You don't, like go into the back of my closet, and look under my gym bag or anything?
It was an accident. Not like I was across the street with a telescope and a box of donuts.
Maybe she didn't move on, you know...maybe that kiss was just an impulsive one-time birthday thing.
Let me tell you about this chick I scored with last night! Oh no wait a minute that was you!
Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax.
You know, I may be way out on a limb here, but do you, do you, have a problem with Janice?
Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get.
Hey, Ross, I just wanted to apologize... ..don't tell me you actually made those gay pictures of me?
No, we're playing this game I learned at work. You have to name all the states in six minutes.
I think there may be another reason. So, awkward hug or lame cool guy handshake?
I can't believe you would actually say that. I would much rather be Mr. Peanut than Mr. Salty.
Jeez, man did you fall.. Hi! So ah, did ya, did-did-did ya fall high?
By then, the cheesecake may have gone bad. We don't want her to come back to bad cheesecake.
See uh, that's-that's actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I-I think I know who the other guy is.
So where are we on the whole going back to the place where they have all the marriages thing? I love you.
All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him!
Oh, uh, he's not here right now, uh, I'm Chandler, can I take a message, or, or a fishtank?
Now, do I get to look at this book or is it just for people who are actually involved in the wedding?
Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I'm gonna need them on my desk by nine o'clock.
OH...MY...GAWD! I am so sorry sweetie, are you okay? You didn't tell her we were getting married, did you?
Well now you understand how I feel every single day, ok? The world is my lesbian wedding.
Oh yeah! Yeah, so you-you bumped into Richard! You grabbed a bite! It's no big deal.
Well, I did and it hurt. That's when I wrote the song: "Betrayal In The Common Room".
Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we're gonna get married.
Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin.
Yeah, that's when if you get the babies out by the end of the month, they give you 2% financing.
Yes, how's this: They're so uncomfortable it's like getting kicked in the nuts for your feet!
Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?
That's what's weird? Joey, the man's been captain of a cereal for the last 40 years.
Well, I am drinking lots of cups of coffee because I'm exhausted! Because Joey started snoring!
Oh, I loved the play. You were great, and Nick ditto. Clearly you're having sex with him.
All right, I took the quiz, and it turns out, I do put career before men. Get up.
Hey, listen, I'm sorry about this afternoon, y'know, if I would've known you guys were... I never would've...
Before you say anything, have we got a story for you! Guess who we bumped into at dinner!
Great. It was great. She's ah, she's great, great looking, great personality, she's greatness.
Okay, thanks... They passed. They said they wouldn't go a penny under the asking price.
That's a good idea, 'Dear Janice have a Hubba-Bubba birthday'. I would like to get her something serious.
Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.
He's probably in his room with his current girlfriend Charlie. That's the situation as we know it...
Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?
Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend At Bernie's is on Showtime, HBO, and Cinemax.
It's ok, it's ok. You know what? I'll just call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter.
No, I mean, come on, seriously think about it, we get married, we're up at the altar and I'm like this.
Y'know what? I don't trust you with this cake anymore! And I got it first, and I'm takin' it back!
Sure! That's one of the great things about being engaged. I'm not nervous talking to pretty girls anymore.
OK, that's enough of the view. Check this out, look at this. Sit down, sit down.
Nah, Monica's watching some cooking show. Come on, I don't want to miss when they were skinny.
Look all I know is when Monica and I went to see them, we had fun! And there's another reason too.
What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
Okay, well. Janice said 'Hi, do I look fat today?' And I, I looked at her....
Well, I then guess I'm going to Yemen! I'm going to Yemen! When we get to Yemen, can I stay with you?
All right, I will help you out but you have to promise me you will not tell anyone what I am about to tell you.
I can't believe they are not here! I slave and I slave for what? They've ruined cranberry day!
I will give you a hundred dollars to whistle right now. How can you eat the cheesecake without me?!
Listen, I just wanted to apologize about this afternoon and the whole massage thing. Y'know? I-I really like 'em.
Yeah, he's really excited about it too, he even recorded show times on his answering machine.
Come on Chloe! Finish up with your customer first. Come on Chloe! Come on Chloe!!
I don't get it neither, I mean you're obviously desperate, you're asking women how they want to be killed.
Noo!! I don't care! I'm not, I'm not gonna playing one-on-one strip poker with you for practice!
Oh yes, and that's what I want a roommate that I can walk around with and be referred to as the funny one.
No!! Okay!! What's with the third degree?! Why don't you just shine a light in my eyes?!
That's still yours. Okay, now remember it's a surprise party. So, when you go in, act surprised.
Look, I'm telling you this is just like my parents divorce, which is when I started smoking in the first place.
I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs ...oh, you already got that.
Yes! I'm fine. In fact I've been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you.
Well she totally called me on it, okay. She said, 'cut it out, get real', and I did.
Ok, go quick! Ross: Thank you for a delightful stay. Ross: Oh, my maple candy!
See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks.
I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet... I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok.
Good, good. Listen, heh, I dunno what Shelley told you about me, but, uh... I'm not.
Okay, but you should know he eats five times a day and shoves pennies up his nose.
Yeah, and then I fell asleep on the subway and went all the way to Brooklyn. Brooklyn is f-far!!
Yes but there's six of us so we'd only have to get struck by lightning 7 times.
You hear that? You may not be with your families, but at least it's gonna smell like ham in here.
Oh that's all right fellas, I saw a kitchen this morning - on TV. Stop talking. OK.
I had too okay?! We're getting married! Married couples can't keep secrets from one another!
The only way that I said six would be if the seven's, let meet at seven, not at six.
Really?! I-I thought you weren't looking for something serious? I thought you were looking for some kind of a fling.
All right, just, just take the entertainment center, and then when you get home, throw the canoe away!
Ross, what're you... what're you... what are you doing? You're having a memorial service for yourself!?
Oh, don't worry about it I mean you probably were tired, you had a lot of champagne, it happens to everybody.
Okay, give me a chance to win my money back. Okay? Sudden death, one goal, $1,000.
Oh yeah, you got the big TV. We'll be over there all the time. . . except when we are here.
Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush. You used my toothbrush?
Hm-hmm, I told you! I can't believe that I've only got two hours before I call in sick for work.
Y'know I was thinking if we had a...a big fight and uh we broke up for a few hours...
You know, I flew a long way t see my loving wife? Is she here by the way?
Definitely roses. Well, I just think they're a little more weddingy. But Lilies are the clear choice.
Um, ok... the... the fifth dentist caved and now they're all recommending Trident?
Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special. Y'know, technically we still are over international waters.
Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along to my bosses and they weren't interested.
Hey, look, Phoebe I wanted to meet her in person too, okay, but she's married, she has a husband.
All right look, I think it's time for you to settle down. Y'know? Make a choice, pick a lane.
Well, couldn't we just lose our virginities again? Ya know, because I think actually mine's growing back.
I Think last night was great. You know, the Karaoke thing. Tracy and I doing Ebony and Ivory.
Well, she walked in when I was looking at the ring brochures. You can understand that, right? Guys? Guys?
Oh, y'know what? The last time Joey went to a meadow, his mother was shot by a hunter.
Gunther, can I get another cup of coffee, please? So uh, what do you do when you're not working here?
Yeah. Y'know I keep thinking that something stupid is gonna come up and I'll go all...Chandler. But nothing has.
Sure, and Joey; do not let Ross look at any of the maps or the globe in your apartment.
Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip.
This coming from the man who couldn't split our 80 dollar phone bill in half.
Do you have to be a Century 21 real-estate agent to get to wear those really cool jackets?
Hey! Stop staring at my wife's legs! No no! Stop staring at your sister's legs!
Why not?! I'd be thrilled if I heard that some hot girl was just looking to get-oh I see.
Yes, God forbid we throw out old underwear. You-you know what? I'm going to go over to Joey's.
Oh, just this! Y'know what it's my fault really, because the couch is usually where we keep the varnish.
And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a competitor. And might I say your breasts are still showing.
No, she's not okay? And I'll prove it to you. I'm gonna call her right now. Phone's done ehh.
Yeah, I think that's wrong, but there's a Connect the Dots in here for you later. Hey, how about maroon?
Of course, I didn't get to enjoy any of that, because Joanna's such a big, dull dud!
99...100! Ready or not, here I come! All right, let's go over the concept one more time.
You know, I don't mind a... male nanny, but I do draw the line at a male wetnurse.
Y'know I had a big meal on Monday, y'know. So that's just gonna get me straight through the week.
Not a lot of closet space, but he can just hang his stuff out the window in a bag!
This is probably the wrong thing to be worrying about, but... you're getting ham on my only tie.
Yeah okay, I was just talking to the guys. Just look at them I mean, is it okay if they come visit?
Hey, you have to forget about Elizabeth. I mean if you're not careful you may not get married at all this year!
Noo!! You don't have a boyfriend because....I don't, I don't know why you don't have a boyfriend. You should have a boyfriend.
OH MY GOD! When you came in I switched the channel, I was just watching regular porn.
Who's the bitterest man in the living room, the bitterest man in the living room? Hi, neighbor.
Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else?
Well, of course, lambs are scarier. Otherwise the movie would've been called Silence of the Ducks.
Okay, okay, here she comes! How do I look? Do I look like a guy who doesn't want to get married?
You don't have to stop having fun just because I'm here. Kathy didn't cheat on all of you. Well, except you.
We can't do that that's insane. I mean 'A' he could wake up and 'B' y'know, let's go for it.
Listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice.
Yes, back then I, uh, used humor as a defense mechanism. Thank God I don't do that anymore.
Y'know, he won't even talk to me. How am I going to apologize to him if he won't even talk to me?
Oh I do! Op, no, wait a minute, I took it out of my shirt when I put it on this morning.
The reason we haven't told them we're together is because they hate me, okay? So will you fix this?
All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. Now I don't know what to do, everybody starts looking at me.
Guys, come on! Let's go! The puck drops in 20 minutes! Come on, Joe!
Well, I think I judged her too quickly, and this time we were able to take the relationship to the next level.
You know what? You don't need a thesaurus, just write from here, your full sized aortic pump.
Aside from adoption the only other choice is insemination, so... we're talking about sperm donors.
See ya. Goodbuy you fruit drying psychopath. So you want me to help you unpack your stuff?
Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance. Bye-bye. Oh God!
Oh, I'm so glad we cleared that up. Look, I'm sorry, some things are different for men and for women.
Yeah, I'd love to but I've tried that so many times they won't even let me in the store anymore.
Okay, a little announcement, a little announcement. I've decided that my best man is, my best friend Gunther!
Come on, you're going to Bloomingdale's with Julie? That's like cheating on Rachel in her house of worship.
Oh I see, I see, because of the third nipple thing. Ha ha ha ha. . .
Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out.
Nope, nope, I'd just ah, I'd rather talk to you. Yes, I do. Yes, I do have to go to the bathroom.
No, I just always see guys doing this when they get handcuffs taken off them. Hello sweet pants!
Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went.
Uh, yeah, I just got my pick-up sticks back from the shop. Bring your nerves of steel.
Oh, not with my combination of ice cubes, aloe Vera and my gentle self-loathing touch.
Hey, listen. I'm never going to lie to you again, okay? And I want you to know that nobody thinks you're stupid.
She's amazing! She makes the women that I dream about look like short, fat, bald men!
I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?
....And then I just, you know, threw the bag of barley at her, and ran out of the store.
Umm ma'am, do you have a minute? I kind of have some bad news. I don't think I can move to Tulsa.
Okay, well we'll go back in there, but will you do one thing for us? The people that care about you?
I don't care, I don't care! Game's over! I'm weak! I've gotta smoke! I've gotta have the smoke!
Are you just tired now or are you always tired, 'cause that could be a sign of clinical depression.
Why must everybody watch me sleep? There'll be no more watching me sleep, no more watching.
Okay, she is the star of the play. And she is my girlfriend! I get to have sex with the star of the play!
What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.
You tell me! Maybe, it's because I was just fooling with my ex! Oh no-no-no-no, no-no-no-no, that was you!!
Oh, okay Ross. Listen, this pen is kinda getting boring, so can you pick me up some porn?
The only reason you're doing this to Joey is because you're bored. Okay, it's not his fault that you're unemployed.
Yeah, oh, but I just keep picturing you rolling around with him with your cowboy boots in the air...
Why? Why-why-would you-Wh-why... Look, I just don't want you to think that we're animals who do it whenever we want.
So, I finally catch up to her and she says this relationship is going to fast and we have to slow down.
Hey, anybody got a length of rope about six feet long with a little nouse at the end?
Listen Eddie, um, I've been thinking about our current living situation and uh, why are you smiling?
Well, I believe the piece of furniture was fine until your little breakfast adventure with Angela Delvecchio
Oh yeah, it's so cool. Now I gotta go, Officer Bing has gotta, 10-100. That's pee-pee.
Now that you live next door, we can be together every day. Sid and Monica never have to know a thing.
I was giving you some of my best moves, and you missed it. So please wake up so we can do it right!
She did not have to tell me, I saw the play, and there was no heat. Back me up here, Ross!
Oh yeah, it's great! See you take a tennis ball, a bowl, and some lighter fluid-Op! Op!
Okay, we-we swallow our feelings. Even if it means we're unhappy forever. Sound good?
All right, look, you're not really gonna buy that are you? Don't you think you've embarrassed me enough for one day?
And I love the milk! But, I'm not gonna some British girl to move in with me! Joey, you say things now.
Look, the only way I will even consider this is if they offer a lot more than just season seats.
Yeah, I mean we've got a lot going on right now. And, plus, here they'd have their own room.
No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it.
Uh, are you crazy? Are you insane? If you live with Phoebe, you two are gonna be y'know, live-living together!
Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with me.
Well, I didn't do anything. I didn't want to be the guy who has a problem with his boss slapping his bottom.
I tried, but apparantly singing "I will survive" in a helium voice - not helping.
Look, you can't call somebody after this long just to say, 'In case you didn't notice, I don't like you!'
Nah, Nah, it's okay. I feel like I need to be in guy place. You know, do kind of like a man thing.
well, well, well it must be five in Tulsa because it's six o clock IN NY.C!
You have to give 'em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache?
Well, the movie was great, dinner was great, and there's nothing like a cool, crisp New York evening.
No no, seriously, Joey's my dad, Monica's my dad. I've even got some dads down at work.
Look, we have no time okay? We must focus. We gotta get everything back into its original place.
And thank you for explaining to us what escrow means... I've already forgotten what you said, but thank you.
Well, if he's gonna break up with you, maybe Joey and I should water his plants. If y'know what I mean.
Rach, if you have a crush on this guy, why would you hire him? I mean y'know you can't date him right?
If they can't find a home for her, they kill her! And I'm not gonna let that happen to little Yasmine!
It's okay, the duck's using our bathroom anyway. Hey Joe! What are you getting Kathy for her birthday?
No, I didn't misunderstand, okay? She was all over me! She touched my bicep for crying out loud!
Yeah, well, I'm kinda heading into a new career direction and, you know, you gotta start at the bottom.
It's possible. You are very loveable, I'd miss you if I broke up with you. I was just trying to be supportive.
Not as much fun as last time. Apparently you only get porn if you're giving a sperm sample.
We are supposed to make these decisions together! Did you not watch the Doctor Phil I taped for you?
She was.... But y'know what, just in case, maybe we should come up with a set of ground rules.
Wow, Heckles was voted class clown, and so was I. He was right. Would you listen to that?
Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.
Bedroom. Bathroom. Living room. This right here is the kitchen, and thanks for coming by, Bye-bye.
Good! I haven't smoked yet today, I feel great, and-and-and confident, that is a stunning blouse.
Right now, right here. Don't ya think we're in kind of a public plaaaa They do have the shrimp.
Putting on the sneakers... thought I'd get into a younger mindset, you know, to see if it sparked anything.
Nice going, imp. OK, it's OK. All I need to do is reach over and put it in my mouth.
Don't do anything. Keep it inside. Learn how to hide your feelings! Don't cry outloud.
No, nono, don't- don't worry about it. Believe me, apparently other people have made the same mistake.
No, no, Ross and Rachel will be back soon and then I gotta go to the office Am I producing them?
She's smart and funny, y'know? We were up all last night talking, she said the funniest thing about--what?
I stayed home from work today while you were at rehearsal so somebody could be here with our chick!
Hi! I'm Dorf! You're date for the evening. Oh come on! Dorf on dating, that's good stuff!!
Ah, uh, I owe you a long overdue apology. I never should have broken up with you because you were overweight.
Well it's just my entire family was run out of Scotland by...Vikings. Anyway, lots of bad memories.
No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartment stud.
Oh Joey's got a really bad hernia, but that's nothing a little laser eye surgery won't fix!
Thank you! Today, my boss keep slapping my butt and he was acting like it was no big deal.
Oh, you dont know. Helen, could you make sure we put through the paperwork on Miss Bookbinders raise?
Yeah, it's like someone literally wrote down my worst nightmare and then charged me $32 to see it!
Y'know when you guys said you were gonna go across the hall and look, you don't, you don't do that every year do you?
That's not backing me up! Look, you said with the off-stage and the heat, and the onstage and the oy heat.
I'm telling you, he's great! I mean, even if my sperm worked fine, I'd think he'd be the way to go!
Hey, listen, I know I came in late last week, but I slept funny, and my hair was very very &ndash;
You've reached Monica and Chandler's, if you're listening to this message, we're probably screening. Yeah we are.
Oh, y'know what, that might be okay even if it was just kind of a fling, that might be all right with Rachel.
What're you kidding? I broke up with her. She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cambodia.
I'd love to, but it's 2300 hours and I'm about to have the most organized sex anyone's ever had.
I hit her in the eye! I hit her in the eye! This is the worst break-up in the history of the world.
Well, maybe we can fix it y'know? Maybe we can send him some-some big-big flowers and scare him!
Well, in spite of the yummy bagels and palpable tension, I've got pants that need to be altered.
Okay, uh, how about, how about-y'know what? We could play a new game. A new game, it's fun.
Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart. Uh, that's great. Anybody seen a nipple?
Oh yeah? Joshua, give me a call sometime, guys like you never go out of style-what did you throw away?
All right! Fine! I'm going. But when I get back it's chair sitting, and I'm the guy who's....sitting in a chair!
Well, as old as he is in dog years, do you think Snoopy should still be allowed to fly this thing?
Oh, we wanted to finish the crossword before we went to bed. Hey, do you know a six-letter word for red?
All right Mike, let's get this over with. Sudden death. Whoever wins this point, wins.
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that? I kinda have a dream! I don't want to talk about it.
I can see the headline now: "Lottery winners' friend filled with regret eats own arm".
Well, maybe it was the kind of food that tasted good at first but then made everybody vomit and have diarrhea.
They are needy, they are jumpy, and you can't tell what they are thinking, and that scares me a little bit.
Mr. and Mrs. Geller, you look wonderful, it is great to have you hear, let us take off your coats!
Oh, uh, I... don't... care. Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
Excuse me? You don't think I could get a Brian? Because I could get a Brian. Believe you me. ...I'm really not.
Y'know what Gunther, go ah, go ahead, I'm-I'm talking to ah, . This is the part where you say your name.
So what the hell happened to you in China? I mean, when last we left you, you were totally in love with, you know.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you! And you are about to marry a wonderful man! Hey! I'm marrying a dead woman!
I hope you know what I'm giving up for ya, because she's not just the boss in your office, if you know what I mean.
Of course, of course not. I just have to uh, go over to the place where I-I made it and pick-pick it up.
Yes, I did. I told it to Dan at work, and he said it was the funniest joke he'd ever heard.
I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . Hi!
I noticed you were enjoying that Ravioli with a beautiful set of teeth. Did you have braces as a child?
All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,... it doesn't make much of a difference...
No, no. But let me show you what I can do. "Bagels and donuts. Round food for every mood."
Whoa, whoa, so I'm guessing you didn't get the part, or... uh, Italy called and said it was hungry.
Ah well, she's got this weird idea, that, uh, y'know, just because you and I are alone, that something is gonna happen.
Don't worry, I'll be back before you know it. Yes it will be the same. Because I know, that's how. I promise.
Yeah, ok. I'm sure that doctor's office can't be worst than on a class trip to the Hershey's factory!
Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon. I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my afternoon with Jade?
My wife and I have some boundary issues, you know, sometimes we ask inappropriate questions. We're working on it.
Because you broke a chair and you broke a chair! The only one around here that hasn't broke a chair, is me!
The... Jamestown colony of Virginia. You see, King George is giving us the land, so...
Okay, all right. I just spent the entire afternoon looking for a present for Kathy that would be better than the rabbit.
I know, just quick-quick question, quick question. Which one was Deep Impact and which one was Armageddon?
Well, ye, yes, actually, but, uh, they were my Aunt Edna's, and there were three of us in there.
As bad as that went I actually enjoyed myself. I think that I'm going to apologize for all of the stupid things I do.
Hey, I hear that you and Joshua are going out to dinner with Ross and Emily, and I think that's, I think that's really cool.
Oh, yeah, I don't know what they were doing, but at one point sea turtles actually came up to the house.
Now, there is a dress laid out on your bed. Okay, you're doing great. You're doing great. You're doing fine.
Out of my league. I could get a Brian. If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. Hey, Brian.
I did! But the store wouldn't take her back! So then I took her to the shelter, and you know what I found out?
Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am totally naked.
Oh I just got another rejection letter. They said my writing was funny, just not "Archie Comic funny."
I got a good one, I got a good one! I once walked in on both my parents making love to the same guy.
Yes, how 'bout a verse of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna sneeze on my fish, aren't you?
When it comes down to it, you would risk your life for Ross before you would for me. That's the bottom line.
Y'know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you're up there every night, you're naked, touching, kissing.
I like this girl, okay, I seriously like this girl, you now how sometimes I tend get a little defended and quipy...
Oh, it doesn't matter. Hey, y'know what, I've got two tickets to tonight's Rangers game, you wanna come with me?
Okay, I accept that. When Janice asked me and I said no, she took that to mean that I was calling her a cow.
Aww, we were worried about you! Hm. I guess I better get used to things crapping in my hand, huh?
Ah, the "I'm sorry I rejected you" phone call. I'm not used to getting it from guys. Hey, Steve.
Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo. I added the "a-gogo."
No, no, no, no, no, NO! No, no... we're not together. We're not a couple. We're definately not a couple.
You slept with somebody three hours after you thought you broke up. I mean bullets have left guns slower!
Ha-ha-ha--enh-enh. I'm so glad you guys are all here! My office finally got wrinkle free fax paper!
Oh that's right. It's your first day! So are you psyched to fight fake crime with your robot sidekick?
Sorry, I just don't like the idea of when I say, "I do," he's thinking, "Yeah, I'd do her too!"
Be-cause, we were talking about ways that he could beat Mike and I told him that Phoebe wanted to get married.
They couldn't be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk to me.
Yeah, I think I do! Y'know what? You move in with her! You move in with her right now! Maybe I should in with Monica!
Oh my God, the air purifier! Ross's air purifier! All I heard through 4 years of college was
We should start with the big stuff. Y'know? That'll be the easiest. Uh, let's start with the couch. I got it.
I wasn't sure which one Mary-Angela was. Look, I'm sorry okay, I was really drunk, and you all look really similar.
...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?
Is this really your long term plan, for me to run interference? Because I could get a job any day now.
Alright alright, we still have three hours till escrow closes on our house. We can still get out.
Well it's kinda hard to be friends with Drake because of his busy schedule and the fact that he's not real.
Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection.
All right! Ten buck! Fork it over! Cough it up! Pay the piper! Gimme it.
Uh, Joey is gonna be right back. Right back! Meanwhile, let's-let's-let's talk about you. So, you're old and small.
It's just that we bought a hibachi together, and then he ran off and got married, and things got pretty ugly.
How do you feel about the, "I really did forgot the present, please forgive me" not fake out?
Oh yeah, but don't worry. I don't think anybody's gonna focus on that as long as your wearing that towel dress.
Yeah, well look at this kitchen, slash bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can cook while in the tub.
Ooh-hoo. Very hot, very sexy. But ah, y'know she's too international, y'know she's never gonna be around.
Oh yeah, gym member. I try to go four times a week, but I've missed the last 1200 times.
I do limericks... uhm... There once was a man named Chandler, whose wife made him die inside.
I had about a mugful in this lovely 'I got boned at the Museum of Natural History' mug.
Say Ross, when you picture Phoebe living on the street, is she surrounded by the entire cast of Annie?
No, see the thing is I want to get out of here before Joey gets all worked up and starts calling everybody bitch.
I'd love to, but I gotta get back to talking to your parents. They're telling us all about how they adopted you.
But come on, look at how cute and small this is! So I got it to give Monica so she'd know I was okay.
Oh, it's a website, it's the, uh, the Guggenheim museum. See, she likes art, and I like funny words.
Oh, it's not important? It's not important?! If it wasn't for a bride's maid you'd be marrying him not me!
I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head.
Oh-ho, liked what she saw, huh? Dug my action, did she? Checkin' out the Chan-Chan man!
Oh. Oh right! Right! Because you're still seeing him and uh, he's a good guy. I mean, I remember a time when...
How... exactly are you pursuing that? Y'know other than sending out resumes like what, two years ago?
That's alright, I'll take it. Bad things happen to me anyway. This way I can break 'em up with a movie.
What, you never look down in the shower? Oh please. I'm not allowed to make one joke in the monkey-is-penis genre?
Oh, no-no-no-no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase "Yes indeedy-o."
We share a wall! So either he's great in bed, or she just likes to agree with him a lot.
I'm so pathetic! Monica knows what she wants to say! You should've seen her. Writing, writing, writing!
....three years of modern dance with Twila Tharp! Five years with the American Ballet Theater?!
Hey Rach, now that you're working at Ralph Lauren, can you bring me back some of those polo shirts?
So did Monica tell you about this great band called the Swing Kings that we're trying to get to play at the wedding?
Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin' home.
Okay, it's not a check. They're saying your health insurance expired because, you didn't work enough last year.
Hi.... um... okay, next word... would be... Chandler! Chandler is my name, and, uh... ...hi.
Ugh, we have already proved that we are hot! Okay? So why-why are you getting so obsessed about this thing?!
Deposit my specimen? You know, usually I have to call a 900 number for that kind of talk. Thanks, got it.
Yeah, we talked and Monica made me see that I over reacted a little bit and some things in life are more important.
You know, it's funny. Every time you say "triplets," I immediately think of three hot blonde 19-year olds.
Hey, you guys in the living room all know what you want to do. You know, you have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream.
No, no the gravel capades. Yeah, the turns aren't as fast but when Snoopy falls. . . funny.
Now that's so funny, because last Christmas I got the gift of space. We should get them together and make a continuum.
Don't worry, I'm brave! I am brave! I...I am brave! No-no-no-no!! Can you tell me who is there please?
Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less.
Bladder Control Problem Stop Wife Beating Hemorrhoids? Winner of 3 Tony Awards...
Where the hell is everybody? Bitter lady: Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period.
I am sorry, but some of us have to get up early and go to work! He does not know that I am not some of us.
I asked myself that very question, sir. Uh, this is Monica. This is my boss, Doug. Doug this is Monica.
And that became 'they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens with full sized aortic pumps...?
I... thought it was a timely start to thinking about other people. Besides, this gift still says I love you guys.
If you're cooking on the stove, does that mean that your new secret boyfriend is better in bed than Richard?
Y'know what, I can handle it, handle's my middle name. Actually it's the ah, middle part of my first name.
Well, thanks a lot for hookin' me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding as my guest.
Well, I was trying to prove that I was right. Y'know? And it turns out I was wrong. And now it's lodged in my throat.
Yeah. Just weird, you know. It's like: "Hi, I'm Chandler. May I have the human growing inside you?"
Well, she spent the last six months getting over him, and now she's celebrating that by going on a date with him.
Oh no no no, she's a total wack job. Yeah, she thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Remore.
That is a great idea! And by the way, I don't mean to sound distasteful, but when did you start crapping money!?
Mike didn't tell you? You have to chose one of us to be in your wedding. One of his groomsmen fell out.
I don't know if I've told you this, but he's kinda tried to get in contact with me a lot over the last few years
Will power? I've watch home movies of you eating ding-dongs without taking the tin foil off.
No. No, see when I first meet somebody it's uh it's mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweating.
Remember that big party? Freshman year? A week before Christmas vacation? I do. You had some visitors.
Hey Joe! We've got a couple of things we've got to check out at the new house. You want to come with us?
All right, Janice, likes him. In fact she likes him so much she put him on her freebie list.
Oh, yeah, right, OK... inlcuding the waffles last week, you now owe me... 17 jillion dollars.
Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?
But wait a minute though, how are we gonna get there, though, because my Mom won't let me cross the street.
And you... Ross, I believe, if you check Rachel's bag you will find a half-eaten box of cookies in there.
Yes. Okay, there's this one guy, Patrick, I think you're gonna like him, he's really nice, he's funny, he's a swimmer.
Well, it's because I trust you, you're one of my best friends, and you walked in on me when I was looking at ring brochures.
Just do it! Okay, it's Janice and if I get it I'm going to have to see her tonight. Oh, that's great I'm gonna have to see her tonight.
Well what... Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go over there; I'm gonna kick his ass! Will you help me?!
Very, very funny, but don't say things like that in front of Monica. I don't want you putting any ideas in her head.
Thanks, it's ah, Gaelic, for 'Thy turkey's done.' So ah, I'm gonna go, nice, nice meeting you.
Oh yeah, that was great. Thanks to you, the hottest cocktail waitress there is quitting to teach the third grade!
Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how 'bout it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours?
Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.
Kathy! Kathy! Hi!! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! Fetch! Fetch it! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy.
Mrs. Tedlock. You're looking lovely today. And may I say, that is a very flattering sleeve length on you.
But hey, it's courtside. The cheerleaders are going to be right in fr. . . That's not the way to convince you.
I was just at the bank, and there was this really hot teller, and she didn't ask me to go do it with her in the vault.
What a minute, I know that hat! I was taken aboard that hat! They did experiments on me! I can't have children!!
Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time.
OK, what is it about me? Do I not look fun enough? Is there something. . . repellant. . . about me?
That was a celebration of life. Alright, look, I'm not gonna do this. Alright, is this really the way you want a baby to be conceived?
I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here.
Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please?
Look at her go! She must love me more than I love her! What's wrong with me? Ooh, don't open that door.
Nooo!! She's really dull! And she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye!
Well, I'm upset-for you. I mean, having sex with an endless line of beautiful women must be very unfulfilling for you.
Hey, by any chance did either of pick uh Rachel for your secret Santa, 'cause I wanna trade for her.
What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find it regular.
If marriage worked, I'd be all for it. But do you know what the divorce rate in this country is? 97%.
Y'know, I forgot the combination to this about a year ago? I just carry it around. Do you have any Chap Stick?
Yeah! I... I... I liked it! But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it. Stupid sons of bitches!
Look, Monica has been working hard all day, she didn't wanna host this thing in the first place, we shouldn't go!
Well, you couldn't get them anyway. Ian doesn't plan anymore and Derrick... And Derrick is a name I shouldn't know.
No-no! This is my fiancee and her heart was set on that ring. You don't want to break her heart now do you?
Oh, who should I blame? The nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to 10 different rooms?
I was not staring at her. Okay? I was just listening intently. It's called being a good conversationalist. Watch. Say something.
Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.
Yes, on a scale from 1 to 10, 10 being the dumbest a person can look, you are definitely 19.
Hey! I need you to set me up for a joke. Later, when Monica is around, I need you to ask me about fire trucks.
Says here that a muppet got whacked on Seasame Street last night. Where exactly were around ten-ish?
Man, if you tried something like that on my birthday, you'd be starin' at the business end of a hissy fit.
I don't think I have to hear the rest. Advertising makes perfect sense. Sorry you had to waste all this time, though.
But I'll tell you something. One of these days we're get off of our buts and rent Die Hard again!
Right. You know what? Actually I just get off the plane, so I'm feeling kinda gross. Maybe I should just take a shower.
Oh-ho, come here. Listen, you are one of my favourite people and the most beautiful woman I've ever known in real life.
Oh hey listen, don't be mad at him, it's our fault. I'm sorry we've been hoggin so much of his time.
Oh! Some guy. Some guy. 'Hey Jill, I saw you with some guy last night. Yes, he was some guy.
I-no! I didn't read the box before I opened it. And you can't return a box after you've opened the box.
Because he's crazy. Okay? He came up to me earlier and thanked me for my very moving performance in Titanic.
Yeah, Joe, I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun, I'm pretty much peeing every which way.
So um, after you put the suggestion in the box, how long did it take for the roller skating thing to happen.
I don't know, I don' I don' know! I was just trying to get into a young mindset, you know, and it just started to flow.
Don't you think it's better for him to think that you're cheating on me, than for him to think that I'm cheating on him? I heard it.
What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?
...and a street where our kids can ride their bikes and maybe an ice-cream truck can go by.
Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?
Why yes Ross, pressing my third nipple opens the delivery entrance to the magical land of Narnia.
You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from a guy at work!
Janice, I have something I need to tell you, and I want you to let me get through it, because it's, it's, it's not gonna be easy.
Well, I heard that you thinking about asking Phoebe to move in with you and I thought maybe, we should have a talk. Man to uh, me.
Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
Look, for the first time in my life I'm in a real relationship. Okay, I'm not gonna screw that up by y'know, telling the truth.
Wait a minute, wait. You're telling me this actress person is the only woman you ever wanted who didn't want you back?!
Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!
Listen, if you want to borrow money, its kind of a bad time. I'm buying dinner for 128 people tomorrow night.
Alright, I'll tell you what, you call the couch and then, and then we'll call the couch, and we'll see who it comes to.
Yes. She was smart, she was pretty, and she honestly cared about me. Janice is my last chance to have somebody.
I don't have anything against the beautiful guest room, especially since everybody we know lives about 30 seconds away!
Yeah, I can be a hero, I could do that. I could, I could do... I, w-w-what if, what if it attacks me?
Wish it! Hi. Hi, I-I was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say that?
Actually, in Oklahoma smoking is legal in all commune areas and offices with fewer than fifteen people.
Oh no-no-no, you don't want to do that, then you're gonna get stuck with Rachel and she exchanges every gift she ever gets.
Yes, Joey has a very careful screening process. Apparently, not everyone is qualified to own wood and nails.
I don't know; I'm not used to girls making passes at me! ... Wait a minute... am I sexy in Oklahoma?
Right, I mean, come on, I'm sure that if you had a funeral or a memorial service, tons of people would come.
Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem? I'm right, right?
Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us?
Yeah, and at the end of the play, he, he got up y'know, and he just started like, banging his hands together!
Say your son never feels connected to you, as one. Say all of his relationships are affected by this.
One nation, under God. Indivisible with liberty and justice for all. I remembered it. The champagne is here.
Oh yes, sir! Put me out of my misery. Are you sure you never played pro? Please let them win!
Now, that's a lot harder than it sounds. You always forget at least one, or in some cases... fourteen .
Wait, if we're lucky, and we're really really really quiet, we may be able to hear the sound of a condom breaking!
Hi. We're the guys who called about the baby. We left the baby on ths bus. Is he here? Is he here?
You don't turn and slide, you throw it out! I'm tired of having to get a tetanus shot every time I get dressed!
Ah, I don't know, you tell me. Anything you ah, wanna tell me, because, if you ah, you should, if you, you would, tell me.
All right, so that's Missy Goldberg, Phoebe Cates and Molly Ringwald, who neither of us can go out with.
Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've dumped twice in the last five months!
Why don't you cut him a little slack? Okay? Maybe if he relaxes a little bit, he'll get some work done.
Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period!
Oh, come on! It's not like this is an everyday occurrence for me! I mean usually I'm pretty much just in there by myself.
Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof.
Yes, yes I am. Err, listen, the reason that I called you in here today was, err... please dont hate me.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I found this great place called "Invisible things for Kathy." Can you give me a hand with all this stuff?
Yep! And! A beautiful woman agreed to go out with me. Joey wanted to ask her out, but uh, she picked me.
I'm not in charge of where the conference is held. Do you want people to think it's a fake conference? It's a real conference.
Yeah, and I don't wanna brag but a lot of the ideas were mine! Hell, you weren't there? All the ideas were mine!!!
Well, it'll probably slow it down at first but, once I get used to the extra weight, I'll be back on track.
Veronica. Look, it's got to be Veronica, the girl in the red skirt. I definitely stuck my tongue down her throat.
I don't know! He went crazy! Y'know, we were playing that game where you-you ask a question and you answer it really fast.
Well, let's just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.
So how come Richard's selling the place? Went bankrupt? Medical malpractice? Choked on his own moustache?
C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by "No thanks, it's late."
All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public, y'know, you're gonna spend the rest of the afternoon all by yourself.
Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, you had fun tonight.
Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish?
Oh, the duck seems to think that Monica got me garbage! Hmm, I wonder what I could get Monica that's as good as garbage?
Because that's where Joey gave me some stuff to store that I've never seen before in my life! Okay, that did not just happen!
How can I not be upset? Okay? I finally fall in love with this fantastic woman and it turns out that she wanted you first!
Yes. Yes, and ah, ah, the trees are happy too, because for most of them, it's the only chance to see New York.
Oh, then I'll tell you. My agency was bidding for a big account and they got it! It's my first national commercial!
All right, should we just, should we just get married? Y'know? I mean should we just do it? All the signs are telling us to do it.
So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?
You know, you should really go on this show. All right, listen, I got three tickets to the Rangers tonight. What'd ya' say?
You mean these tuxes have been down the red carpet with people yelling, "You are you wearing?! You look fabulous!"
So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long?
Well, I'll stay, but only because I wanna hear about Hanukkah. Ben, will you sit here with Santa and learn about Hanukkah?
Then we will sprinkle rose pedals on the bed and make love. Not just because it's romantic, but because I can!
Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he'll never be President. There's never gonna be a President Joey.
April 18th, excessive noise. Italian guy's gay roommate comes home with the dry-cleaning. Well that's excellent.
First of all. Bravo. Uh, but I really don't think you're right for this. The part calls for a stuffy college professor.
There's gonna be a wedding. You're gonna be the bride. Two hundred people are going to be looking at you in a clean white dress.
Well, I think you should seriously consider the marriage thing, give Rachel another chance to dress up like Princess Bubble Yum.
All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I can't believe I missed it.
No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
Whoa-ho, whoa! No, I was thinking about y'know for me, as a part of that whole getting over Janice thing you were talking about.
Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even thousand if you want me for the whole night. What is this for?
You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capable of that emotion.
All right look, if you absolutely have to tell her, at least wait until the timing's right. And that's what deathbeds are for.
Oh, yeah. I'd marry him just for his David Hasselhoff impression alone. You know I'm gonna be doing that at parties, right?
Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was in a milk carton but it looked like meat?
Well, I'm sure you'll teach her a lesson when she steps off the dock onto nothing. Hey Mr. Douglas.
"Look, this is ridiculous! I'm not paying for that room! Ok?" "Oh, thank you very much!" Yeah, I'm going to Vermont...
I have a weird feeling about this place. How do I know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet.
Well it couldn't have been worse. A woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideously unattractive?
It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its entire family.
Oh hey! There's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, ruin their day?
Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents!
Well, I think it's great that you're going on a date, you know? I mean, it sounds healthy. I mean, you have needs. Embrace your womanhood!
Hey! I will have you know that... aah, who am I kidding. Let's call the kid Geller and let Bing die with me.
Well, we have a deal, where we each get to pick five celebrities that we can sleep with, and the other one can't get mad.
Eh, yeah, well ah, waitress at a coffee shop and cheer squad co-captain only took up so much room.
Honestly? Our apartment is a hotbed for electromagnetic activity. Now Monica and I have been immunized, but sadly you have not.
So if you want people to see them, then by definition you're not having them taken out... say, at the break of dawn?
Yeah, this is so good, that I'm gonna go enjoy it on the balcony so that I can enjoy the view whilst I enjoy my dessert.
I will tell the story! It was going great. I let him win. We were bonding. He even said I could call him dad.
We're doomed. Okay, they're gonna take 50 bucks out of our accounts for the rest of our lives. What are we gonna do?
Okay well, this side looks bigger. Uh... There's more crust on this side. Y'know? So, maybe if I measured...
Yeah Ross, I mean... we're excited to hear the speech but the rest of the time we're gonna wanna do, you know, "island's stuff".
I'm gonna hold him a different way. Look I don't understand, if you hated it so much, why did you buy it in the first place?
You know what just occurred to me? This could be our last Thanksgiving just the two of us. I mean, we could be getting a baby soon!
Yeah, we have all this paperwork that needs to be filed by the end of the year. If I don't get it done, I'll be fired.
Look, I'm not saying that you should magically forgive me! But you're not perfect! You've made some errors in judgment too!
Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more.
You know what, everybody? Go home. You should be with your families. It's bad enough that we're working New Year's Eve.
Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too.
Oh, that would be Monica. Hey, listen, I wanna borrow a coupla things, Aurora spent the night, I really wanna make her breakfast.
Oh, no, no, I'm an intern, just like you guys... except for the tie, the briefcase... and the fact that I can rent a car.
Yeah, listen, how cold is it going to be there? Do I need a coat or will all these sweater vests be enough?
Why would she use them with Richard and not me? I can be kinky! I once did a naked dance for her... with scarves!
I know. You're right. I want to see you too. I've just got to figure out a way to tell Joey, you know? He's really looking forward to this.
What if I never find someone? Or worse, what if I've found her, but I dumped her because she pronounced it "supposably"?
Y'know? So I was thinking that we could get one of those signs and hang it over our bed. Because, that's you and I together! Merge!
So you understand, I'd feel a lot more comfortable if you didn't tell people what happened. Y'know, I'm a little...I'm a little embarrassed about it.
Yeah, I'm gonna stick with the ring. Oh, this one's nice! I like this one! Sir? Uh, kind sir? Can I see this one?
Oh! Thanks, I'm crazy about our place. Hey! speaking of crazy... do you have a history of mental illness in the family?
Ah, look on the bright side, I mean you won't have to live with this ugly chair! That was here already huh? I love you.
Yeah...I mean I want this so much! I mean, I wanna get one, I want my friend Charlie to get one...Except I don't care about Charlie.
Math!! You're giving me math! All right, look y'know what, forget about it, you go for the girl, we'll see who gets her.
We are going to have a legitimate member of the clergy! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in control of his saliva!
Okay! I was gonna wait 'til uh, it was official y'know? But I got so excited I just had to tell you guys because you're my best friends.
I know what you meant!! You notice that ever since we got this chick, we've been fighting a lot more than we used too?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, it just seems that Robert isn't as concealed in the shorts area, as ah, one may have hoped.
You're right, and I'm sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I swear, I won't say another word tonight.
Uh-huh! Join me, won't you?! Okay, what do you say we keep one, and then just like have an option on the other one?
Let me ask you, why is everybody using these tiny lights nowadays? I remember when people used to use big lights.
Eh, y'know what, she's to political, she probably wouldn't let you do it, unless you donated four cans of food first.
Okay, so that's it, everybody knows! It's official, we're moving in together. No turning back. Are ya scared? Are ya?
Young! You're a man-child okay?! Now go get changed because everybody's ready and please, oh please, keep my underwear!
Uh, credit card. Oh no! No-no, but I left my credit card with Joey. Okay, I'll go get it. You guard the ring.
Okay, I will do it. But I have to warn you; this may make me a better person and that is not the man you feel in love with!
Everything is so distorted! Looks like Joey has a giant hand! Which says "Rangers" on it. They went to the game!
It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army...
Hey, it's me. I know you can't stand to be in the same room as me, so I just thought I'd try and apologize over the phone. All I...
Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it.
Oh come on! He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...
Because, if Santa and the Holiday...Armadillo? ...are ever in the same room for too long the universe will implode. Merry Christmas!
Okay, but this is the last time. With a chick-chick here, and a chick-chick there. Here a chick, there a chick, everywhere a chick-chick--chickeeeen.
I'll try, but I'm not sure what good it would do, y'know? Because I'm a lot less afraid of commitment than I used to be.
Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women?
But we had one of the greatest talks we ever had last night. I mean it was, it was like when we first started living together.
Yeah, Ross sure is a great guy, y'know I've always felt that how a young man turns out is a reflection on his father.
You are incredible. Unless, I...I'm not gonna smoke again. And if I do, I promise, I will hide it so much better from you.
Well, you manheads aren't any better. You lied about going to the game. You knew it would make you late, and you still went anyway.
Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm.
No, Stephen Hurs was the kid who would eat anything for money, David Stein was the guy who had no elbows.
Well, I have a girlfriend, I'm-I'm happy. So, I no longer feel the need to go out of my way to stop others from being happy.
That's right! I do! And I'm your man. And I'm going to get us through this situation even if it means you working twice as hard.
Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear. This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwearyou want it to be dirty?
Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me?
Oh yeah, that's what she says. But maybe you're not ovulating at all, maybe it's just a clever ruse to get me into bed.
We used to be married, but then we missed a weekend away together and things kind of unraveled. Because of you! Happy Birthday.
Look, I-I'm just gonna be right across the hall and I promise you, the minute Monica and I break up I'm moving right back in with you!
And err, he informed me that uh, she took the news rather badly, in fact, he uh, mentioned the word frenzy.
All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
Ross is wearing leather pants! Does nobody else see that Ross is wearing leather pants? Someone comment on the pants!
Oh, come on. What was with that whole Black Bart speech? : "When I play poker, I'm not a nice guy!"
Secret? Married people aren't supposed to have secrets between one another. We have too much love and respect for one another.
Oh-oh, yeah, and did he also say that ah, some of the dialogue was corny and that he actually found it was funny and not sexy?
So Ross, how was your date the other night? Did you tell her about the magical ride that starts with the flush of every toilet?
Stretchy pants! Why, those are the greatest things in the world! If I were you I would wear them every day, every day!
No, no. It-it's not about the swearing, it's more about ah, the way, that you ah, occasionally, concentrate, your enthusiasm on my buttock.
Oh, listen. If this is about those prank memos, I had nothing to do with them. Really. Nothing at all. Really. Nothing.
Uh, Yes. Yes. Ive just been going over your data here, and little thing, youve been post-dating your Friday numbers.
So, whaddya say boys, should I call him? Well, ya know what they say. Ask your slippers a question... you're going crazy.
Okay so you mean no as in, "Gee Chandler, what an interesting idea. Let's discuss it before we reject it completely."
Ugh. Just a sec, give me a minute to wake up for this-Ah-ha-ha!! You lost the ring! You're the worst best man ever!
This is about you and Richard. He's clearly not over you. He keeps a tape so he can... look at it whenever he wants.
No-o-o! No? No-o-o! Look Joey, here's the thing, Monica and I have decided to live together, here. So, I'm gonna be moving out man.
Alright, Janice, that's it! Janice... Janice... Hey, Janice, when I invited you to this party I didn't necessarily think that it meant that we-
I know, I know, but you're gonna have plenty of chances. There are literally thousands of women out there just waiting to screw me over.
Well, maybe he had some kind of uh, new, cool style, that you're not familiar with. And uh maybe you have to get used to it.
Yeah, you know, I really thought I deserved it. But... let's go win the lottery... I mean, we still have 130 chances to win, right?
Well the package says you have to uh, constantly keep it moving. Stir and drink, stir and drink, never let it settle.
Hi, um, I'm account number 7143457. And, uh, I don't know if you got any of that, but I would really like a copy of the tape.
Hey, look Joey, I'm just saying if you need something to hold you over, I can get you a job right here as an entry level processor.
Well, come on, I've been saving this money for six years and I kinda had some of it earmarked for the future, not just for a party.
Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part or not.
Yes, I do. Now, I may not understand why you have to win so badly, but if it's important to you then it's important to me, because I love you.
Okay, here is the thing. We have thrown a very formal surprise party for you in there! All of your friends are in there and your parents!
Look, Ross, you have what you want, you're back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you're gonna wreck the best thing that even happened to you.
Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.
That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution is to plummet to their deaths.
C'mon, Ross! You, me, Joey, ice, guys' night out, c'mon, whaddya say, big guy, Huh? Huh? Huh?
I can tell from your expressions that that's the good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the joy.
Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'.
Look, I may have jumped the gun here. Um, I just got out of a relationship and I'm not really in a, in a commitment kind of place.
You guys haven't actually met before, but, boy! You're both polite! Go to have a seat Zack, and I'll get you a beer.
This is unbelievable. Its been like a half an hour. If this was a cartoon, youd be looking like a ham right about now.
Hey, you're gonna be fine. You're one of the most caring, most responsible men in North America. You're gonna make a great dad.
You look great. I'm so glad we're having this rehearsal dinner, you know, I so rarely get to practice my meals before I eat them.
Maybe 'cause the last one was made by Pepperidge Farm. Look Eddie, isn't there something else you're supposed to be doing right now?
No. All right, y'know what, she's gonna think that I'm handing you a credit card, but what I'm really gonna do is hand you a library card.
I know there'll be many moments in the years to come when I'll regret asking the following question, but- And Andrew is?
Did I not tell *anyone* about New Year's Eve? -- Alright, look, go! Go home, okay? Merry Christmas! Go.
Hey, Joe, I gotta ask. The girl from the Xerox place buck naked , or, or a big tub of jam.
Y'know what? I can't believe this! Do you know what you did? My girlfriend is out there thinking things over! You made my girlfriend think!!
Ross! You gotta stop! Okay?! You can't just stare through the peep hole for three hours! You're gonna get peep eye!
I'm not gonna watch it... I don't NEED to watch it... I mean, what good could possibly come from watching? Well, we know I'm gonna watch it.
I'm telling ya! It's gonna happen. Next year it's gonna be you, me and the little Hemingway Bing. What, he's my favourite author!
It doesn't matter because nothing beats a three and a six. That my friend is D-Cup. Okay, now much have you won so far?
That's a good plan, Joe. Next time we wanna pick up women, we should just go to the park and make out. Taxi, taxi!
Extremely allergic, okay? If I'm anywhere near a dog for more than 5 minutes, my throat will just close up!
You're arranging flowers! You got dead flowers! You got a picture, a picture, of a baby dressed like flowers! This is not Joey!!
I know. See, yes. That's Yasmine Bleeth, she's a completely different kind of chick. I love you both. But in very different ways.
I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for crying out loud!
Okay. Here's a question you never have to ask. My dad just called and wanted to know if he could borrow one of your pearl necklaces.
Look what do I do? I wanna get past this, I don't wanna be afraid of the commitment thing. I wanna go through the tunnel, to the other side!
You know, I don't get this. A month ago, these people were my friends. You know, just because I'm in charge doesn't mean I'm a different person.
Rachel got Ross the tuxedo that Val Kilmer wore in Batman. Okay Batman is so much cooler than James Bond!
Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
No. This is just part of a dare devil game that I play called 'wait until the last moment before I burst and die.'
Well what is wrong with me? Am I .. am I incomptent? Because I managed to survive whatever it is that killed the three of you!
Knock-knock. Who's there? Ross Geller's lunch. Ross Geller's lunch, who? Ross Geller's lunch, please don't take me. Okay?
No-no, he's not back yet, but he'll be here any minute. So uh, come on in. Have a seat. Bow or stern?
I walk into a room and he won't even talk to me, he just mumbles something in Italian. And I know he only knows the bad words.
Actually, can I get some hot water with a little lemon? I think I strained my voice screaming in there. Does it have to be so loud?
Oh hey Rachel, sweetheart? You have got to tell the post office that you have moved. Okay? We are still getting all your bills and stuff.
Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would've involved a major lifestyle choice.
I don't know what to say. I'm sorry that we make more money than you. But we're not gonna feel guilty about it. We work really hard for it.
Oh, it wasn't a big deal. I just went to a couple of bookstores, talked to a couple of dealers... called a couple of the author's grandchildren.
I don't know, but don't worry, don't worry, because I know how to take a picture now. Okay, see? Look down , look down, look down...
Hey, I can be smooth. Listen, we're a little bit in a hurry, so, if you can get us a table a little quicker, I'd appreciate it.
Well appealing as that does sound to her boyfriend and her brother, I can't do that we promised we'd make each other gifts this year.
Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and took my tomatoes.
Well, you know Phoebs. I don't know if it's your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.
Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a little uh, foosball for money?
Oh, yes. Well it's very beautiful. It's cream-colored and tight I don't mean tight, I mean it's not too tight, not that I was looking at-
It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. It means...
This is like figure skating team all over again. I mean synchronized swimming. I mean- I mean the balance beam. Help me!
Hey-hey-hey Rachel, funny thing. Actually, the ah, end zone starts at that pole, so you're five feet short, so we win!
My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross!
It doesn't matter. I just don't want to be one of those guys that's in his office until twelve o'clock at night worrying about the WENUS.
Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck?
Well, y'know, you're-you're gonna meet somebody! You're a great catch! Y'know when I was telling all those guys about you, I didn't have to lie once.
Okay. Okay. Yes honey, I made it myself. I can't do it. I can't do it. Oh! Oh! A mixed tape! A mixed tape!!
All right, y'know what? Forget it, all of you forget it! You've ruined it! Go home! You've ruined it! You've ruined it!
We close escrow tomorrow, so seeing another house can only confuse us, and we're easily confused. We're not very bright.
No! No! I don't want him to know we're yet! I'm not sure I'm ready for that. And besides he's not gonna be too happy to see me either.
Okay-dokay, you've each won a game and I've lost what's felt like a year of my life. So everybody goes home a winner.
She's really going to love this, you know? The bottom line is I want her to have it, even if I don't get to be the one who gives it to her.
Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight.
My diary! My diary, that's brilliant. I should have told her it was my diary, she never would have made me read her my diary.
See that's where I think that you're wrong. We've been playing these babies man for man; we should really be playing a zone defense.
Well, I'm off to Tulsa, so if your Maitre D. friend has any funny Oklahoma jokes, tell him to e-mail me at www.hahanotsomuch.com.
I'm sorry. I, I told you I was in Tulsa because I wanted to spend the night with Monica and I, I didn't know . . . I didn't think you'd understand.
Varrrrrroom! Hey! Watch it lady! Varrrrrrrrrrom! Hey-hey good lookin'! Varrrrrrrrroom. All right, I'll leave. My bed's so boring.
Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn.
Oh, yeah! Absolutely! Anything you need man! But you have to promise me the second you are feeling better so that we can make fun of your hair!
Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.
Oh no no no no, no no no no no no, you see, what I had planned shouldn't take more that 2, 3 minutes tops.
I know, me too. Hey! Y'know what if we went away for a whole weekend? Y'know we'd have no interruptions and we could be naked the entire time.
This is nuts. This is crazy. She came over for like two minutes, dropped off a fish tank, and left, end of story.
I mean I was nothing before you. Call the other girls and ask. Which wouldn't take long. But when I'm with you, and we're together, OH...MY...GOD.
Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused. It's a whole big boob story.
Yeah, well I don't think you can make that statement, unless you've been kicked in an area that God only meant to be treated nicely.
Well, that's like money in your pocket! - Alright look, you want me to say it? This sucks. Being here sucks! This work sucks!
Lie!!! How hard is that?! The check's in the mail! Oh your baby is so cute! I can't wait to read your book Ross!!
Yeah. Good call, nice one. Hold it!! Hold it! What if me eyes are closed, and, and my hand is out there....
No! I just happened t'do a lot trivias about smoking in different states. For example, in Hawaii cigarettes are called Leyhallalookoos.
Buh-bye. I just got us reservations at Michelle's and tickets to the Musicman to celebrate our first holiday season as a betroughed couple.
Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.
I don't know. Except that, for one last time... Good game, good game, good game, good game, good game, good game, good game.
Will we love it so much with her next door? And she's gonna be louder out here too. Just the crickets and "Oh My God"!
Can you believe it? I mean, don't I seem like somebody who should be doing something really cool? You know, I just always pictured myself doing something...something.
No-no, wait! There's got to be a better explanation. You can tell them you had to make an adult film for your adult film class.
All right buddy, time to roll over. No-no! No, no-n-n-n-no!! You are going to a clinic! You're going to a clinic, and a pyjama store!
Okay, okay, a little announcement, I just want everyone to know that the position of my best man is still open! And uh, so is the position of the bride.
OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! No!
Yeah, I mean, there's probably gonna be some ground work which will probably stink, you know, grown man getting people coffee is a little humiliating.
Well, I'm crazy about her now. I think this could be the real thing. Capital 'R'! Capital 'T'! Don't worry, those are the right letters.
It was pretty simple actually, I came up with a couple of cost-cutting solutions, wrote out a list and Monica told me to go to hell.
Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to stop from screaming.
Y'know what this is like? This is like when my parents got divorced. Man, I hope Ross doesn't try to kidnap me after Cub Scouts.
That's not really important right now. What is important is; while we appreciate the gesture, we just don't feel bagpipes are appropriate for our wedding.
Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here.
Why?! I mean if this guy was me and it was me who had learned that it was me who was the best you'd ever had, I'd be going like this.
Oh that's great! Great! Thanks! But that dress I mean it's like yuck! It's terrible! It makes me wanna just rip it right off of you!
OK, I don't, I don't mind the last pound. OK, in fact I kind of like the last pound. OK, so don't make me do anything that I'll regret.
You guess I'm right? When we stayed at that bed and breakfast, you wouldn't have sex with me because you thought a deer was staring through the window.
Dude, you have got to turn on Behind the Music. The band Heart is having a really tough time, and I think they may break up.
Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, y'know? We'll pick our favorite and that one will get to go to college.
Look Ross, if you don't know them by now, you will never know them, okay? That is the beauty of this game. It makes you want to kill yourself.
Finally, I figure I'd better answer it, and it turns out it's my mother, which is very-very weird, because- she never calls me!
Come on, Monica, things could be worse. You could get caught between the moon and New York City. I know it's crazy, but it's true.
No, but wait-what if I bought it from you, y'know? And your nice gesture would be giving it to me at a reasonable price, say $1,500?
Because you've only known her for six weeks! Okay, I've got a carton of milk in my fridge I've had a longer relationship with!
Is that a hint? Because we love you Doctor Connelly but we don't think we'd want you to be our child! Wow, talking about an inhospitable environment!
Me too. I wanna find a baby that needs a home and I wanna raise it with you. And I wanna mess it up in our own specific way.
So is he housetrained or is he gonna leave little bathroom tiles all over the place? Stay. Good, STAY! Good fake dog.
Just one more thing. I was so pissed at you that night that I wanted to get back at you. So I thought, who does Ross like the more than anybody?
I didn't get to the bathroom. I bumped into Owen on the way, and he didn't know he was adopted. And there's a slight chance I may have told him.
I'm not scared. I'll just take little Chappy and... HE CAN SENSE MY FEAR. MY THROAT IS EXPOSED.
One of life's great, unanswerable questions. I mean, who knows? Maybe there's something even more painful than those things? Like this.
No! Uh, I d'know! The point is, if you were gonna set me up with someone, I'd like to think you'd set me up with someone like him.
This isn't one of those uh, y'know "If she doesn't come, we-we don't, we don't come?" Right? Because I already bought my ticket...
Joey, it's been three days, okay.. Your just a little homesick, Okay. Would you just try to relax. Just, just try to enjoy yourself.
Joey! Joe! Full bag. Beer's still cold. Something terrible must've happened here! Oh no-no-no-no-no-no! Stevie, I was never here!
I think we have some time. Have you ever heard him talk? "Uh, Phoebe, uh, I would be honoured, uh..." Spit it out, David!
So this is nice! I wish I didn't have to go, believe me! But unfortunately I have to. Oh uh, by the way, what's the name the girl you're dating?
Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians.
That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.
Yep! From now on its gonna be the four of you guys and me and the misses. The little woman. The wife. The old ball and chain.
Yeah I know, but I figured a shot y'know? Maybe one of those stories would make me cry and then you wouldn't think I was y'know, all dead inside.
Look I'm very glad that you saved Ross from the car backfire, but y'know, it could've been a bullet and you y'know, you didn't try to save me!
Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual conversation between two people. That is all.
Joey, Joey. Hey, some girl just walked up to me and said, 'I want you Dennis,' and stuck her tounge down my throat. I love this party.
Okay, our news. My company has asked me to head up our office in Tulsa , so as of Monday I'm being officially relocated.
You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom...
And weenie number two has it. Unless, of course, nine-down, Knights in White Satin was sung by the Doody Blues.
Hang up, hang up. And that was a great movie! I'm so gonna get back at Ross... oh yeah, this will show him, here we go .
Here's the thing, Janice. You know, I mean, it's like we're different. I'm like the bing, bing, bing. You're like the boom, boom, ... boom.
Okay, then you gotta back away, all right? You don't need that kind've hurt. Take it from a guy who's never had a long term relationship......
Oh, that's not true. You had an impact on me, I mean, it's 15 years later and we're still best friends. Doesn't that count for something?
Yes, hitting her with a frying pan's a good idea. We might wanna have a backup plan, though, just in case she isn't a cartoon.
Yeah! It's a stupid job, and I could not stand leaving you. And why should I be the only one who doesn't get to do what he *really* wants to do?
Your just, your just clearly not familiar with our young persons vernacular. See, when we say dad, we mean buddy. We mean pal.
Now all you have to do is just get through a little bit more, okay? Then we can put you in bed, okay? Just smile and don't talk to anyone.
All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world wake up and behave the exact same way.
No, no, no-no-no. I smoked for years, then I quit. Right now, I can't remember why. You're not allowed to smoke in this office. Not right?
I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger at the next table.
Janice! There you are! There you are! I had to have one last kiss, and also-also you said that you were going to leave right after I got on the plane!
Well he doesn't have to know! It's not like we run in the same circles. I hang out with you guys, and he stars in a drag show in Vegas.
You kidding? You're the most beautiful woman in most rooms... Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What's going on? You and I just made out! You and I are making out?
But uh Ross, Ross is a great guy! I was roommates with him in college. Uh, funny story... You're roommate in college died didn't he?
I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y'know? But I have to trick him into taking it so I won't hurt his pride.
OK, alright, last minute lesson, last minute lesson. Joey... three... eight. Eight... three. Alright babe, deal the cards.
I believe the foundation of our friendship was unfortunate hair. All right, look, if we're really gonna do this... it's not like you never broke one of the pacts.
I'm not freaking out. Why would I be freaking out? A woman named Heldi called and said we were getting married, but that happens everyday.
And yet, believable. So I decided not to fire her again until I can be assured that she will be no threat to herself, or others.
Oh-aw my God! Now, I understand if you never want to sleep with me again, but that would be wrong. We're too good! We owe it, to sex!
Y'know what? I have been trying to apologize to him all week! If he's not gonna let me do it on the phone, I'm gonna go down there and do it in person.
Funniest guy she's ever met! I'm funny, right...? What do you know, you're a door... You just like knock-knock jokes... Save it for inside!
He's not right for the part. So if I suggest him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should learn on their own!
That was an obvious joke, and I didn't think of it. Why didn't I think of it? The source of all my powers. Oh dear God, what have I done!
I'm telling ya, Joanna's got it all wrong. Okay? All I said was, 'This was fun. Let's do it again sometime. I'll give you a call.'
Expect it in 4-6 weeks. Umm, hey, umm, Joey's gonna be at the telethon for the rest of the day, we have the whole place to ourselves.
I'll take that bet my friend. And you know what, paying me the 50 bucks could be the "new thing you do that day!" And it starts right now!
Y'know what else I can't believe? I had to kiss Phoebe and Rachel every time I left a room, I mean it's too bad they didn't see us having sex.
See, I'm finding out all this stuff about you today, like you like the Law & Order and that you flirted with every guy in the Tri-State area!
Y'know, if I won $5,000 I'd join a gym, y'know build up my upper body and hit Richard from behind with a stick!
I had to! Okay, imagine you were married... and you found a tape of your wife in another guys' apartment... Wouldn't you need to know what was on it?
Oh, well... Maybe I'll join them some time. I just hope the club doesn't slip out of my hand and beat the moustache off his face.
Well, I think, I think, Ross already has one. Now, this one's free, right? Because you paid for the first two, so the third one's free.
Yes, we don't get married unless there's a sign! Okay, so say uh, say you roll another eight then there's a definite sign that we should get married.
Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of 'Mistress Bitch.'
See, this is the brilliance of the show. I say always keep them running. All the time, running. Run. Run Yasmine, run like the wind.
All right, say you do that. You know sooner or later somebody's gonna come along that slices a better cheddar. And then where're you gonna run?
Oh, yes. I decided to leave these out for you in case Richard stops by and you wanna engage on a little light bondage and moustache play!
I'm sure that would mean a lot to him. And if heaven has a door, I'm sure he's pressing his ear up against it and listening intently.
No, it's not like, like Phil Spiderman. He's a spider, man. Y'know like ah, like Goldman is a last name, but there's no Gold Man.
Okay, it's his first time out, so he's probably gonna wanna do some of the touristy things. I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian Tea Room.
Right on! Oh! Uh, but, don't take to long okay? 'Cause uh, we're gonna test out our fake ID's tonight, right Clifford Alverez.
Yeah, well, sorry doesn't bring back the little piggy that cried all the way home! I hate this stupid day! And everything about it! I'll see you later.
oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to... come here and do... 'that'...
Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the sudden I have this big attitude problem.
It's about cutting my people a little slack, ya know, for morale. Look, if you wanna see some rough numbers, I can get them to you by Wednesday.
Ah, let's see. What next? Blow a bubble. A bubble's good. It's got a... boyish charm, it's impish. Here we go.
Let me finish ... however, it doesn't look like I'm gonna get this job so I can't afford to have principles, so screw you, the tickets are ours!!
Well it's just while Monica and I were dancing to them it was...the first time I knew that...you were the woman I wanted to dance all my dances with.
Yeah, but its not who I am. Everything they said was exaclty why I was worried about having a kid. And its true. And look everybody knows it.
Okay, I've been doing a lot of thinking about us, y'know a lot of uhh, us thinking. And uh, well I guess there's only one-one way to do this.
Well yeah! But now that I know that you're having these thoughts, I'm back to panic, anxiety, and uh I'm definitely gonna need some kind of sports drink.
Huh! So that's what I would look like if I worked out... and was being serviced by a policeman. You're not actually going to send these out are ya?
It could be less than a year. I mean, you've heard my stuff. "Pants. Like shorts, but longer." It'll probably be more than a year.
Alright, alright, alright. It's been fourteen and a half minutes and you still have not said one word. Oh God, do something. Just make contact, smile!
If you clear things up with Rachel then Ross never needs to find out, but you have to do it now before he hears about it and kicks your ass!
OK, I'm officially unpacked. Thanks for helping me man. Joe? Well, I guess Joey went home. Oh and look, there's still one box that I have to unpack.
You are an amazing wife. No really you're amazing you were actually gonna do this for me, I mean where do you find the strength and understanding over something like that.
If I turn into my parents, I'll either be an alcoholic blond chasing after twenty-year-old boys, or... I'll end up like my mom.
No, it's like all of the sudden, we were this couple. And this alarm started going off in my head 'Run for your life! Get out of the building!'
Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it.
Ahh, I believe my exact words were, 'Flaign,en - sten'. I mean I didn't know what to say, how do you know if you wanna do it on an elevator?
Oh, I can't believe my sperm have low motility because, let me tell you, when I was growing up they sure seem to be in a hurry to get places!!
Hah. May not wanna mention this. So, you ever wonder which is worse, you know; going through labor or getting kicked in the nuts?
Trust me, you don't want him there either. Okay? Nobody is gonna be staring at the bride when the father of the groom is wearing a back-less dress.
I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message and is choosing not to call me. Now I'm needy and snubbed. God, I miss just being needy.
Joey kept screaming at me, "Do it now! Do it!! Do it! Do it now!!" Sometimes late at night I can still here the screaming.
Well, I could make it seem like he's here. "Here's some little known facts about cous-cous. They didn't add the second cous until 1979."
Alright look, if it means that much to you, a may be able to get on more with the big boobs. But the giant ass and the big clown feet?
Nope... Hey... so I'm gonna... put the plates back. You know, I think you were right, I don't think we should use these plates again for a looong time.
Yeah, just some 9-year-old Filipino kids who worked their fingers bloody for 12 cents an hour. That didn't happen, I made that up!
You gave them one day's notice, not everyone in our class checks the web site everyday and Monica... it's probably the way you stand!
The Bings have horrible marriages! They yell. They fight. And they use the pool boy as a pawn in their sexual games!
Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising.
Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbianI don't think we need a third...
Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at 11:30 if we both had the chicken and didn't get desert.
Yes, yes I did, but what I didn't say was what I was about to say, what I wanted to say was, uh... would you like to go out with me sometime, thankyou, goodnight.
Yeah, yeah, I think it looks pretty good. I was a little worried I was uncovering a birthmark right aboutthere, but it turned out to be a little piece of chocolate.
Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A big screen TV?
Well, we're talking about sperm donors and Zack may be the guy! I mean, look, he's intelligent, he's healthy, he's athletic, I mean, he is "spermtastic"!
They're these prototype sneakers and come up with ideas on how to sell them which I can't do because no self-respecting adult would ever where these.
Oh, those places! There's always so many people, their being corralled like cattle, and... you know, there's always some idiot who goes "Mooooo"!
You hear that! That is her chose, mister I'll let you have her! I win! You suck! I rule all! A mini-wave in celebration of me!!
You bet I did, Ben, put it there! Well, it would have worked this time, if his hands weren't so damn small! Ho, ho, ho!
All right look, if you're not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the robbery and all!
It's a funny story, actually. I kind of fell asleep in the meeting this morning so when I said I'd move to Tulsa, I didn't really know what I was saying.
That's our phone number. Now look, I know I kinda sprung this whole me moving out on thing, so why don't I just-why don't I just cover you for a while?
Well, she seems very nice and everything, but that whole thing about her coming all the way down here, just to see if I was okay? I mean,... how needy is that?
I know you probably don't want to go out with me, y'know because I make too many jokes and I've never been in a serious relationship and I guess I'm not technically a "doctor..."
I'll tell you what, for the rest of our lives, I'll be careful until told otherwise. hey wait a minute this isn't the china we picked out..
Ya know Phoebs, don't feel so bad for 'em. After they're done playing, I break out the little plastic women and everybody has a pretty good time.
Thank you, Mister Drunken Gambler! Okay, you get this and uh, we get the biggest suite in the place! Wait-wait-wait-wait! We get the biggest suite in the place.
Y'know that thing that Ross was gonna do at our wedding?! He was hanging out with me yesterday and he turned to me and said, "You're half Scottish right?"
Don't think of it as a cigarette. Think of it as the thing that's been missing from your hand. When you're holding it, you feel right. You feel complete.
Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. Uh-huh... Uh-huh... okay... thank you. Good-bye. .
Tomorrow night is good. Tomorrow night is good, but uh, y'know what? Why put off something till tomorrow that you can do right now? Eldad come here!
Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stockings it reminds me of my father in fishnet stockings.
Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing themselves at me! They're buying me drinks! They're giving me stuff! Knicks tonight?
Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer. See, the drawer actually goes in my dresser.
Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think you're chances are pretty good. All right.
Yeah! If-if-if we did do this there would be a lot of pressure on me, y'know? Because you've been waiting a very long time and I wouldn't want to disappoint you.
And you're thinking of taking it? So before you said being me with me was more important than any job, but I guess now it's old job, me, new job.
No! No! I support you 100%! I just didn't, I didn't get it right away. Y'know now I'm caught up! Identical hand twins! It's a million-dollar idea!
Oh my God. What is th... it's like a guy never lived in here. Look, you've got to be careful. This girl thing is dangerous. It's spreading already.
Well what's the difference? Your eggs aren't here anymore, are they? You took your eggs and you left. You really expect me to never find new eggs?
Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad for whipping that kid's pretzel at them.
Oh, and don't get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. It's just that I, I have a rather, sensitive posterior, and ah, besides, it's making all the other guys jealous.
This is okay. We're all adults here; there's nothing to be ashamed of. Now, let's put our underwear in our pockets and walk out the door.
That's actually why. Look, I'm starting a whole new career now, and I'm not saying that I don't want to have a baby, I'm just saying maybe we could wait a little while.
Y'know what? Forget it! We are just hungry! We have not had lunch! We are just light-headed! So let us go out and have lunch and forget about the cheesecake.
Look at these videos. You know, I mean, who does he think he is? Magnum Force, Dirty Harry, Cool Hand Luke... Oh my God!
Good morning everyone, it's nice to see our team together for the first time. Now, before we get started, are there any questions? Yes, Ken is it?
Oh, see, I had to tell her that my number was your number, because I couldn't tell her that my number was my number because she thinks that my number is Bob's number.
All right, we haven't had sex yet. Okay, what's the big deal? Y'know? This is special, and I want our love to grow until we move on to the next level.
Okay, look, I'm gonna pull on the door and you guys push as hard as you can. Maybe we can get enough room to wiggle him out, okay? Okay, so PUSH!
That's not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start drinking in the morning. Don't say that I don't have goals!
Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, it's going to be a small ceremony. Uh, tiny! We're not even sure why we're having it.
Yes, I-I know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were complaining though, was that they paid to hear the actor sing Old Man River.
Thank God, because I don't wanna do this either. You know, I was just doing because I thought that was what you wanted to do. You know, I'm the husband, I'm supposed to... bring the sperm.
Alright you guys are off to party number one and you, you are off to party number two Alright fellas, let's keep it movin', let' keep it movin.
No, no, no, guys. She's right. We should get to work. I'll take stuff out of the closet, Joey you pack 'em and Ross you re-pack whatever Joey packs.
No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married. Will you be my wife?
Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! I'll get up in the morning put on your clothes, and head off to work!
Yeah! If the car that backfired had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross starts rambling about his newfound respect for life.
You say that now, but it could take us a long time to get back home. Plus Joey could get lost and and they could have to page us to go pick him up.
No, I invited him to dinner so you could get a chance to get to know him! I mean, if we go through a sperm bank you never meet the guy, get to check him out.
I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch--have a perfect, magical weekend together with you.
Oh no..don't thank me. Thank you. You know there's not one thing I would change about you? Not one single thing! And definitely not... two... single things.
Yeah! No! No! No! Don't fall asleep! Okay, I am going to make you some coffee. And I probably won't spill coffee grounds all over the kitchen floor.
Oh well, not as lovely as you. I mean, I can't believe that you would have a thirty-year-old daughter! And you! I can't believe that you would have a tux that's thirty years old!
Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there.
Are you telling me that you bought the chair that is making all other lounge systems obsolete? The chair that Sit magazine called the Chair of the Year?
Yes, it does bother me! And I think it would bother a lot of people. Rachel, when you were going out with Ross, did it bother you when he flirted with other women?
Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact.
Oh no, it's terrific, it's... it's... y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into showbusiness.
Now Monica, I know you're upset, but don't forget. There is going to be a wedding, you are going to throw the bouquet, and then there's going to be a honeymoon, maybe in Paris.
I'm sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why don't you uh, lift up your shirt? Take a look at this kiddo. We have a crying child! Roll the damn cameras!
I was dangerously dehydrated during the first six months of our relationship. Look, for me the rush is knowing that we are gonna be together for the rest of our lives.
Good save! We're back on track, and I'm... ..chewing someone else's gum. This is not my gum. Oh my God! Oh my God! And now you're choking.
That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You see, they're very tight. Maybe there's something in that area.
Ok, Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice. Look, there's no way for me to tell you this. At least there's no new way for me to tell you this. I just don't things are gonna work out.
Well, look it's been a really emotional time y'know, and you've had a lot to drink. And you've just got to let that go okay? I mean you were the most beautiful in the room tonight!
Y'know, it'll be okay. It'll be okay. Because when they come over, I will be all charming, I will make them fall in love with me, and then we'll tell 'em.
Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse? Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine. I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around.
No! Ok, this is not good. You are a guy. Ok? This is a guys place. If you let this go, you're going to be sitting around with your fingers soaking in stuff.
And here is the bottle of wine for you to bring over tonight. You were also going to buy Monica flowers but you couldn't afford it, because you paid dinner last night.
No, no, no, no! No, no, no, no! It's okay, it's okay. I didn't go. Don't cry, it's just a bit! I'm your uncle Chandler; funny is all I have!
Pretty well. Except for the stapler thing. Little tip: if youre ever in a similar situation, never ever leave your hand... ..on the desk.
Hey, you have nothing but talk about her for the last 48 hours! If you were in a school yard you'd be pulling her pigtails and pushing her down now!
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What is all this pressure?! Is this some new kind of strategy? Why don't you put down your copy of 'The Rules' huh mantrap?!
Okay, okay, but don't worry, because we also have cereals, muffins, waffles, and, jams, jellies, and marmalades. Which I'm fairly certain are the same thing.
I see, but once you get your first paycheck you'll be springing a big hotel suite, right? I mean, lead in a movie, they must be paying you a lot?
Hey, can I talk to you about this groomsman thing? If you pick Ross, he'll walk you down the isle just fine. But if you choose me, you'll be getting some comedy!
Well apparently Albert has no friends. He's very excited about the bachelor party though. I think actually the only reason he's getting married is so he can see a stripper.
They're not gonna swallow anything, you guys are being way over protective. When I was a kid, my mom used to just throw me into a pile of broken glass!
Why not? We could give each of them half a medallion, and then years later, they'll find each other and be reunited. I mean, that's a great day for everybody.
Oh, uh, that would be mine. See, I wrote a note to myself, and then I realised I didn't need it, so I balled it up and... ...now I wish I was dead.
Oh I used too, but then Joey thought it would be fun to go to Central Park and hit rocks at...bigger rocks. Hey Rach, do you have a tennis racquet?
It was fine, y'know? But she didn't agree with me as strongly as she agreed with Joey. She was more like, "I see you point, I'm all right with it."
Oh, hey, when she gets here, is it ok if I introduce you two as "my wife" and "the woman who's carrying my child"? No? Divorce?
It feels like we're cheating on our house. And if we're gonna cheat, shouldn't it be with like a hot, younger house, that does stuff that our house won't do?
I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just-I didn't know what it was!
It's football... It's just football... This is great! This is the first time I've ever enjoyed football... It may be customary to get a beer... What the... What are you doing?
All right! That's fine! That's fine! I won't bring over the chairs! I won't bring anything over! I wouldn't want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandma's place!!
Alright, lo...look. I don't smoke anymore. But if the rest of you want to light up, go ahead, it's fine. So you all smoke then? That's almost rude, that I'm not.
Oh, nononowaitwaitwaitnono! Uh... we may not know anything about radiators per se, but we do have a certain amount of expertise in the heating and cooling... mileu.
Look, forget it. We tried, but Phase Three is a lost cause, Okay? Those strippers were insanely hot, and I couldn't picture myself with any of them.
Well, you're gonna have to leave sometime, because you both have jobs, and as soon as you do, we're switching it back! There's nothing you can do to stop us! Right, Joe?
I know, she's been such a big part of my life. And it feels like when Melrose Place got cancelled. I mean... oh, forget it. I miss Melrose Place!
And I don't wanna say this, I don't you guys to hate me, but uh, I don't think, I can be around that dog anymore. Okay, so either the dog goes, or I go. Oh my god!!
No, I can't. No no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, it's about you and me and the fact that we're best buds.
Well... there's surrogacy, but Monica has dreamt her whole life of carrying a child, she has felt that watching a surrogate would be... too hard for her.
Oh. Y'know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn't because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me 'cause, you're really hot! Is that okay?
Oh, I figured you guys would all be mad at me. So I got you some gifts that I found on the side of the road. Who wants the teddy bear with one leg?
What do you think she's just gonna sit there quietly? You don't think she's gonna want to make a toast? You don't think she's gonna want to grab the microphone and sing Part-time Lover?!
Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you.
Nope, hymn 253, His Eyes Are On The Sparrow! When my parents got divorced is when I started using humour as a defence mechanism.
No-no-no, y'know what? I really shouldn't have said that you were embarrassing me, I mean that really wasn't cool. And if it makes you feel any better, I've had a really lousy day.
Pff, easy for you to say, he's a father killer. He probably loves him mommy. He's probably got a tattoo that says "mom" on his shovel-wielding arm!
So, it's a typical day at work. I'm inputting my numbers, and big Al calls me into his office and tells me he wants to make me processing supervisor.
I don't know what you mean, giant talking cigarette! Oh, by the way, Phoebe called just as I was getting into Nancy's car, so if she asks you, I was at work all day.
It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we make a pact. Just the six of us- dinner.
Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here honing for the past few hours.
You'll see, you guys are all gonna go off and get married, and I'm gonna end up alone. Will you promise me something? When you're married, will you invite me over for holidays?
And I'm blah? Listen, the only thing more boring than watching modern dance is having to listen to you talk about it, "Oh Chandler, I just lost myself in the moment."
All right listen, I have to go to the bathroom, but if the place with the big fish comes up again. I'd like know whether that's several big fish or just one big fish.
I'm not worried, I'm uh, I'm fascinated. Y'know it's like uh, Biology! Which is funny because in high school I uh, I-I failed Biology and tonight Biology failed me.
Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman that I love. Or, you would've seen a Chandler shaped hole in that door.
Hey. I just, I just wanted to come over to-to say that I'm sorry. Y'know? I know I acted like the biggest idiot in the world, and I can completely understand why you were so upset.
And, I want you to remember that I gave you twenty seven dollars. No strings attached. Now, if you can't remember that, I think we should write it down-let's write it down!
Oh wow, I hope you don't take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I'm just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.
Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.
Maybe. Unless they're like two people who have lived in apartments next to each other for years, and then one day they're pushed through a vagina and they meet.
It's not that hard to learn. And as for people realizing you have no idea what you're doing, hey, you're an actor. Act like a processor, people will think you're a processor.
Well, I don't have to break up with her this time. We're not involved! I'm going to do a pre-emptive strike! I'm going to end it with her before it starts. My ass is like frozen!
Well, it's just the reason that I'm asking is because I kind of eh, uh, I was unable to-I mean I really wanted too, but I couldn't.... There huh-hmm, there-there was an incident.
Yes, but this is Pete. Okay? He's not like other people, on your first date he took you to Rome. For most guys that's like a third or fourth date kinda thing.
Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidant. Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to complain about you.
All right! Fine! But it's just a lunch date, no more than an hour! And from now on I get my own dates, I don't want you setting me up with anybody ever again!
No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned.
Well, I tried Billy Jean King, but... you know, you and Monica have the same "I'm gonna kill you" look...? I can usually make it go away by kissing her...
You wanna talk about people's feelings? You should have heard how hurt professor Stern was yesterday when I told him I wouldn't be able to go with him to Key West!
Nothin! This is the nine millionth ring store we've been too and I can't find the perfect ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! It's a beautiful selection.
Oh, because we love kids. Love 'em to death.Well, not actually to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount... as allowed by law.
Well, it's just with uhm, work and the stress of adoption, we just don't feel like we have the energy. Plus, we don't think it's fair that every year the burden falls on us.
Wow! Listen, we had a good run. What was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then!
Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits.
All right, check it out. Check this out. It says here that there's a place you can go to rent videos of all the museums! "It's almost as good as being there."
No, 'Slim Pickings', it's a barbecue restaurant. They're looking for a cook. Actually 'cook' may be a bit of a stretch. They're looking for someone to shovel mesquite.
Big picture please! So I was in the gift shop, and that's when I uh, saw this. New York.) Yeah, y'know what? I thought anything that can fit into this, can't be scary.
I was asleep. Oh no! No-no honey! Y'know what's sexy? Layers. Layers are sexy. And blankets are sexy. And oh! Hot water bottles are sexy.
Yes, but I feel like I've really gotten in touch with my feminine side enough today. You know. In fact I think we're two sachets away from becoming a lesbian couple.
Hey, y'know what we can do? Y'know, now that we are up? We can just like talk to each other all night long, y'know like we did when we were first going out. It'd be fun!
Whatever I decide to do, I'm gonna be starting a career from scratch. It's gonna be a while before I make a living at it. Maybe now is not the right time to be starting a family.
Look, I want those basketball seats as much as you do! Okay, but we can't leave in the small apartment after we've lived here! Didn't you ever read Flowers for Algernon?
Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the bride's maid and a bucket of strawberries. So uh, you're not still upset about what that guy told ya are ya?
You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie.
Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben. Do you know what Pheebs? When you're done over there, we kinda have a situation over here too.
Oh, yeah. But you have to give it back if I get a job. Of course, by that time in the future ties will be obsolete and we'll all be wearing silver jump suits.
Hey, I'm sorry, I should have given you guys my black book when I got married! Although it wasn't so much a book as a... napkin. With Janice's phone number on it.
Oh Mon-Mon-Mon-Mon-look, this is the honeymoon suite. The room expects sex. The room would be disappointed if it didn't get sex. All of the other honeymoon suites would think it was a loser.
All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys broke up. Remember how horrible it was when you guys bumped into each other at the supermarket?
Hello? Hello? Oh, hey Charlie. Did anybody else hear? ... What? Susan got it?? How? Oh man, I would have slept with him!! .. Alright, bye.
Y'know what, it doesn't matter, 'cause she picked me. Me! From now on I get the dates and you have to stay home on Saturday nights watching Ready, Set, Cook!
I'm right! Right? There was like no chemistry between them. Before they had heat, and now there's no heat! Now you know what this means, Joey told us what this means!
You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he always put a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
Look around, you guys. This was your first home. And it was a happy place, filled with love and laughter. But more important, because of rent control, it was a friggin' steal!
Hi! Listen, can we watch cartoons on your television? We need a porn break. We spent the last two hours watching In & Out & In, Again.
Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay.
And, ah, you know, your fooling around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your brain, you know, like Elle MacPherson, or that girl at the Xerox place....
Do you think that there's a town in Missouri or some place called Sample? And ah, as you're driving into town there's-there's like a sign, and it says "You're in Sample."
Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my nails done! And you said it was gonna be fun! Which it kinda is. Also, you said there would be other guys here. There are no other guys here!
Heckles played clarinet in band, and I played clarinet. And he was in the scale modeler's club, and I was, well, there was no club, but I sure thought they were cool.
Hey, no, I've never been lower or wetter. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, bedroom into a game room or somethin', you know, put the foosball table in there.
Hey, y'know what, if you're gonna do that, if you're gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler. Oh, come on! Chandler's funny, sophisticated, and he's very loveable, once you get to know him.
And we just sit here. I mean if I die the only way people would even know I was here, would be by the ass print on this chair! Look, we have to do something. Okay? Something huge!
No-no-no-no-no-no-no!! I can't get myself right out of them! You must have me confused with the Amazing Chandler!! Come on, you have to unlock me, she could be gone for hours, and I'm cold, and
Okay, it's just weird! Okay? I don't want to be standing their saying my vows and then having the mental image of you and Monica! I-I-I need...I don't know what I need. I need a walk.
Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy then, then that's what we're gonna do.
Oh no no no no, I'd love to be somebody's assistant! Answering phones, getting coffee, I live for that stuff! And I'm not too mature... farts, boobies, butt cracks!
No, no, I keep trying, y'know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too..." but then I lose my nerve and I always finish with, "...go to the bathroom." He may think I'm sick.
Yes, here it comes! I'm stuck here all day, and then you come in and spend two seconds with us and then expect to go off gallivanting with your friends? Well I don't think so mister!
"Jeremiah was a bullfrog. Was a good friend of mine, never understood a single word he said, but I helped himdrink his wine." So you just touch yourself for anything?
Wow! Listen, we had a good run. You know, what was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then!
Oh, then no thanks. What the hell was that? Mental note: If Jill Goodacre offers you gum, you take it. If she offers you mangled animal carcass, you take it.
Look you have to realize I don't think of you as a thin, beautiful woman. See this is one of things that I can apologize for later! Look, what I mean is you're Monica! Okay? And I am in love with Monica.
Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy, then, then that's what we're gonna do.
I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her couch, we're fooling around, and then suddenly she turns to me and says, 'Do you ever want to do it in an elevator?'
Okay, Ms. McKenna, she kind of works above my boss, she asked me to move to Tulsa and be the president of our office there, and I was sleeping and apparently, said yes.
No, no I just ah, didn't do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple of beers so I certainly don't deserve any praise, verbal or otherwise.
I always thought having a heart attack was nature's way of telling you to die! But you're not gonna die. I mean, you are going to die, but you're not gonna die today. I wish I was dead.
Look you don't understand, Gandolf is amazing. Y'know you're never know what's gonna end up happening, you go out for a couple of beers and end up on a fishing boat to Nova Scotia!
Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relationship and king and you are the crazy, irrational screw up! And now we're back.
I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? Og-ee-op, I'm not asking for me, I'm... I mean... No, I'm-I'm not gay, I'm not asking you out. I'm not-I'm not-I'm not gay!
But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, y'know? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, she'd be surprised!
My specimen is in the room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there. Really helped speed the process along! Janice! You're not... gone?
Yes, yes she is. Didnt I memo you on this? See, after I let her go, err, I got a call from her psychiatrist, Dr. Flanen-nen, Dr. Flanen, Dr. Flan.
Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. Joey, she does not look fat.
Well maybe you're going about this the wrong way. You know I mean think about it. Single white male, divorced three times,two illegitimate children. The personal ad writes itself....
You know, it's funny when my parents got divorced, they sent me to this shrink, and she told me that all kids have a tendency to blame themselves. But in your case it's actually kinda true.
Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody's allowed one mistake, right?
Sure! Just give me a second to get all huffy and weird like you! Do you believe that who everdid something over here last night did what they did or didn't do ...I mean come on!!
Hey, we're having some fun now, huh, Ross? Wanna do another one, huh Russ? OK... eleven letters, atomic element number 101... ends in ium.
Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. No, she's not here but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? Oh. Well, so what does that mean? Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks.
Hey, don't worry. I figure it'll be 2 hours to Phoebe's dad's house, they'll meet, they'll chat, they'll swap life stories, we'll still have plenty of time.
So tell me, how do- how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?...Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket?
All right, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So in the words of A. A. Milne, "Get out of my chair, dillhole!"
Allright, I'm gonna watch it... I mean look, it's probably not even what I think it is... And even if it is... It can't possibly be as bad as what I'm picturing in my head... Can it?
We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.
Oh-ho-ho-ho-no! No! No switching! No sharing, and don't come crying to me! Ha-ha-ha! I may just sit here and have my cake all day! Just sit here in the hallway and eat my...
Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.
See, now, why would you assume that? Just because we're married? I will have you know that we are very hip, happening people. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get back to reading the obituaries.
Hey, look, you're in trouble either way! Okay? If she comes back and sees me locked to this instead of the chair, she's gonna know you were in here. So you might as well just let me go.
Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction.
Joey if you wanna punch me, go ahead, I deserve it. But I just want you to know that I would never soberly hurt you or your family, you're my best friend. I would never do anything like this ever again.
Well! We er..climbed up four flights of stairs, manueveored a narrow hallway, dodged a rabid pitbul... but these last three feet are where it gets really tricky.
Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and-and marriage! I've got an idea, why don't we turn down the heat on this pressure cooker?!
So Steve said he had to go to the doctor. And Steve's doctor's name is Doctor Muppy. So I said, 'Doctor Monkey?' And that is how the whole Doctor Monkey thing came up.
Okay now it doesn't matter which one you choose, y'know? It's completely up to you. Our guy is perfect, or you can go out with the guy Phoebe deemed not good enough to go out with herself.
Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to lick the silverware.
Yes, yes I actually saw him leave. I mean that guy is standing in the window holding a human head. He is STANDING IN THE WINDOW HOLDING A HUMAN HEAD!
Alright. "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was there. A lonely gray couch. 'Oh, look,' cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his forever. The end."
Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, it's gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I'm conducting an experiment, and if all goes as planned, my butt will be smack free.
Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.
Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he'll be there. And he'll bring you some cold soda, if want you need him for is that you're really hot.
Because we don't do that. We are Bings! And if there's one thing my father taught me was... well to always knock before going into the pool house... but the other thing was never borrow money.
Okay, hear me out. Okay? You give the best bad massages. If anybody was looking for the best bad massage and they were thinking to themselves, "Who's the best of that?" They'd have to go to you.
Again, let's journey back... As I recall what Rachel said, was she had never notice the shape of your skull before. And Joey... Well, Joey didn't realise that there was anything different.
No, it's a book that's just a book, okay? It's an early edition of the Velveteen Rabbit. It was her favorite book as a kid. So, uh, just... let me know if she likes it, okay?
Yeah, I know, I-I wish I had too, but y'know I-I think this is a good thing. Y'know? 'Cause we've had our first fight, and now we can move on. Y'know, I know for me- Nick's pants?
You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller! The eyesore from the Liberace house of crap!
Allright, fine, but don't blame me if it doesn't work. Because you know as well as I do that once Joey sets his mind on something, more often than not, he's going to have sex with it.
I don't know. I can't--I just, I can't get her out of my head. Y'know? I mean, I'm a very bad person. I'm a very, very bad person. I'm a horrible person. No you're not Chandler! We still love you Chandler!
Hi, my name's Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in battling me in a post-apoplectic world for control of the galaxies last remaining energy source?
Phoebe and Rachel! So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, Heldi, and apparently some band called Starlight Magic 7 who are available by the way!
I don't care, this is our apartment! And they stole-you stole it-our apartment, and we won that apartment fair and square, twice! And I am getting it back right now. I'm getting back right now!
Oh, because his penis was too big. Oh, I'm sorry, that's the kind of thing I do. They broke up because Mike didn't want to get married. Hey, what if you just let Phoebe know you'd be open to marriage?
No! That was a test! In a couple of hours I'm gonna get really drunk and wanna call Kathy and you guys are gonna have to stop me! And then after that, I'm gonna get so drunk, I'm gonna wanna call Janice
No, no I only dated two girls in college, both blonde, both not attractive... Hold on one second; let me check this out. (He gets up and grabs a photo album.
All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadsheet capabilities and a modem that transmits at over 28,000 b.p.s.
Ok, you know how most kids get their allowance from mowing the lawn or taking out the garbage, well I earned mineby plucking the eyebrows of my father and his "business" partners.
Maybe we finish this for him! "Also I cloned a dinosaur in my lab. She's now my girlfriend. I don't care what society says. It's the best sex I've ever had"... aaand SEND!
I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...
Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation?
Oh, just hanging out, talkin' about uh, websites. Yeah, we saw this really interesting website about marriage and how totally unnecessary it is and how its just a way for the government to keep tabs on you.
To her face? Look it's the end of the date, I'm standing there, I know all she's waiting for is for me to say 'I'll call her' and it's just y'know, comes out. I can't help it, it's a compulsion.
Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wallet's too small for my fifties, and my diamond shoes are too tight.
Alright, that's it. Look Joey, I'm sorry, I realize this is the role of a lifetime for ya, and if I could just fire Joseph, I would, but unfortunately that's not possible so I'm gonna have to let both of you go.
Oh come on! Hello! Hi! My name is Chandler, here's my friend Ross right here, and we were wondering you know if you're up for it. We only need six more people for a human pyramid...Swoop!! Swoop!!
What do you want from me, I've never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I'm sorry you can't stay, but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. What are you doing? All right, listen, I've got to wake up!
Oh just great. He beeps me now with codes. One is, "Bring me food." Two is, "I'm with a girl, bring us food." Three is, "I'm lost and I can't find food."
I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek?
Monica is a self-sufficient, together lady. Being with her has been like being on a vacation. And what may be perceived as high maintenance is merely attention to detail and--generosity of spirit.
Oh, no, no. Nina... ..she is whooo wewee-woo whoo whoo! In fact, if you asked her right now, she would have no recollection of being fired at all, none at all.
You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again.
I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have feared this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay.
I'm so sorry, but you should have a sign out there or something. Or at least whisper it to people when they come in the door. "Owen doesn't know he's adopted, and he also thinks that Santa is real."
See Joe, not that that's not grrreat! But, one of the cool things about having somebody we know perform the ceremony is that it can be about us! Y'know, it can be more personal. You can tell stories about us!
I can blow dry it. I can put gel on it. It doesn't matter, I still wind up with this little cowlicky thing on the middle part of my head. It's so annoying. Does it bug you?
I don't know, Richard's really nice and everything, uh, it's just that we don't know him really well, ya know, and plus he's, ya know, old -er than some people, but, uh, younger than some buildings.
Y'know what, I know what will cheer you guys up! I had a little talk with the boys in New York, told 'em about all the hard work you've been doing and that a little Christmas bonus may be in order.
Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie... Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon?
Look, Joey, Kathy is clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs. But Casey, I mean granted I only saw the back of her head, but I got this sense that she's-she's smart, and funny, and gets you.
Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish potato famine?
Oh, yeah. Uh, no you can't have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should've brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay?
Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained not to listen! But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted.
Look, I figured I would try to convince him not to tell the story anymore, and I figure the best way to do that is face to face-And by face I don't mean his lap. And by face, I don't mean my ass.
Pheebs, can you help me pick out an engagement ring for Monica? I can't figure this out! It's so hard! Should I get her a Tiffany cut or a Princess cut or a-ah-ah! Paper cut!
So.. let me get this straight. So my two friends die, I get Emma. Then my wife dies, then Emma the one tiny ray of hope left in my life gets taken away from me?
Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I'm not sure about, because when he called and I answered the phone 'Chandler Bing,' he said 'Whoa-whoa, short message.'
What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I'd probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid to be funny. But my job's fun too! I mean tomorrow, I-I don't have to wear a tie.
Let me see what you wrote about yourself: "Doctor Paleontology, two kids... " You split with Carol because you have different interests?... I think you split with Carol because you've one very similar interest!
He said...he said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself! Without any outside help whatsoever.
I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . .
Well yes yes... You look nice can mean that your face looks nice. I want to compliment your body. I mean..I wouldn't change it. At all. And more specifically, I wouldn't want anything to get any bigger.
Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her personality-Well, they're all back! Y'know? And she's picked up like nine new ones!
Actuary... no. Book-keeper... no. Topless dancer... Hey, d'you know what I just realized? You are the sole wage earner. *You* are the head of the household. I don't do anything - I'm a kept man!
No-no-no-no, no, it's a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through life? Why can't we savor the precious moments? Those are some huge breasts you have.
Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the poking. 'Did you see that play? Do you want some more beer? Is that Spike Lee?'
All right ladies, here's what we're gonna do. You are gonna take off my clothes. You two, go get the oils. And you just constantly scream at the top of your voice, "Chandler's the king! Chandler's the king!"
Okay, okay-okay, ah, Chloe works with that guy Issac. Issac's sister is Jasmine. And Jasmine works at that message place with Phoebe. And Phoebe's friends with Rachel. And that's the trail, I did it!
Well, don't believe everything you hear, Ken. But yeah, that's true. Alright, let's get started, by take a look at last quarter's figures. Ah, Claudia, aren't you supposed to blow smoke up the bosses' ass?
I am trying to open your eyes, my man! Don't you see, if you lived with Phoebe she's always gonna be there. You're gonna get home, she's there. You go to bed, she's there. You wake up and oh yes, she's there!
The meaning of the box is three fold. One , it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two , it proves how much I care about my friendship with Joey. And three , it hurts!
All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. What?
Oh, that's ok.I'll just try and reschedule. "Hi, this is Chandler Bing. I made a reservation there and I need to change it Oh, what do you mean it's not refundable? Can I just come some other time? Oh, can't you make an exception?"
She's moving on! Okay, if it's not this guy, it's gonna be somebody else! And unless you're thinking about subletting my peep hole, you are going to have to get used to the fact that the relationship is over! Okay, man? It's over.
Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little... Y'know, it didn't have any... It-it, well it blew. So, we thought, that this afternoon that we would all go away for the whole weekend to, Atlantic City!
I don't know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. She's saving the rest for her divorce. And any extra cash my father has he saves for his yearly trips to Dollywood.
I am mad! But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna forgive you! Because that's what friends do! They forgive their friends when they do everything you just said, all on the list there. Well, but I want you to remember that I forgave you.
Oh, so that's why the priest threw holy water on me. Okay, listen, you have to cheer up! Okay? You should come out with Ross and me, I mean anything is better than sitting around here crying all day about Kate.
You had a dream about a girl that I am seeing?! Oh, that is so cool! I can't tell you how many times I've dreamt about a girl that he was seeing. Anyway we're talking about your dream. I love you. Your dream?
Yeah, he's made phone calls, written letters, he even came to New York, but I always said I was too busy to see him. Y'know it's all very Cats in the Cradle-I don't want to get into it. Here we go.
Okay, here's the situation. The keys to the cuffs are on the back of the door. Could you be a doll and grab them and scoot on over and unlock me? And on a totally different subject, that is a lovely pantsuit.
If you wanna give Joey a Christmas present that disrupts the entire building, why not get him something a little bit more subtle, like a wrecking ball, or a vile of small pox to release in the hallway?
What? Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller, the eyesore from the Liberace house of crap.
Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!... Oh, really, really, really? Well, let me tell you something... you will care about it, because I care about it! You got it? Good! Whooooaaaa....
Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn? "You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation."
Well, y'know, I had some trouble with it at first too, but the way I look at it is, I get all the good stuff: all the fun, all the talking, all the sex; and none of the responsibility. I mean, this is every guy's fantasy!
Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!
Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood...
Okay, I've already taught you so much already, but whatever. See when you flirt with a guy you think, "I'm just flirting, no big deal." But the guy is thinking, "Finally! Somebody who wants to sleep with me!"
Let me just say something... Because once we get into this, I'm gonna get all uncomfortable and probably make some stupid joke... I just want to say that I... I love you... And, I'm gonna miss you. And I'm so sad that you're leaving.
Can I just say how much I appreciate you coming with me. When we get to Tulsa I'm taking you for a great dinner at 'Slim Pickings'. 'So Cheesy'? 'Whole Hog'? It's going to be tough to keep Kosher in Tulsa.
I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . Hi. Hey man, we were just doin' some uhh, impressions over here. Do your Marcel Marceau. That's actually good.
Okay, so we've established my name, and hit me. But theoretically y'know, I mean say we weren't friends, say it's a blind date. I show up at your door, and I'm like "Hey, nice to meet, ya. Hey, oh-hey."
Sorry, I just...can't sleep. Ooh! Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it? Because every time I look at that cover I'm like...
An invitation for the At First Sight premiere? Oh my God! Val Kilmer didn't wear this in Batman! He wore it to the premiere of some tooty-fruity love story where he played a blind guy!
You know who else picked Rachel? Ross, and you know what else Ross did? He stole my joke. You know what? I'm going to get a joke journal. Y'know? And document the date and time of every single one of my jokes.
She's right, it's Jill. Jill Goodacre. Oh my God. I am trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! Is it a vestibule? Maybe it's an atrium. Oh, yeah, that is the part to focus on, you idiot!
Daddy. All right look, here's the story. Well, we had just finished playing racquetball and we were gonna take a steam. I walk into the steam room and it was really steamy. So I take off my glasses and that's when in happened.
Look, you have to help me! Okay? I mean, I know what to do with a woman, y'know, I know where everything goes, it's always nice. But I need to know what makes it go from nice to, "My God! Somebody's killing her in there!"
Y'know what? We're not sad, we're not sad, we're just not 21 anymore. Y'know? I'm 29 years old, damnit! And I want to sit in a comfortable chair, and watch television and go to bed at a reasonable hour!
Y'know what? You should go to my guy, because when I went in there with my third nipple. He just lopped it right off. Y'know? So I guess I'm lucky. I mean not as lucky as people who were born with two nipples.
You know what, okay, fine. Don't get up, you just sit right there. I just hope, you don't mind, you know, my hand right here. Op, not touching, can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad!
Because, I-I should've called! Y'know if I had just called her after our big, stupid fight, she never would've gone out with Nick, and they would've ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples!
All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his bedroom but he only slammed the door once! I mean yeah, he gave me the finger while doing it.
Ho-oh, he's gonna get some! Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y'know so umm, he's closed the drapes there so he can have a nice, pleasant conversation with your little sister. Well, I'm off to bed!
Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? Wow, you are really gettin' good at that Marcel Marceau thing. Hey, whaddya say uh, we play some ball, you and me, huh, whaddya say? OK, that's my bad.
And then you click it and, uh-oh, she's naked. And then, and then you click it again and she's dressed. She's a business woman, she's walking down the street, she's window shopping, and whoa-whoa-whoa, sh-she's naked!
Well, I like that idea. Obviously! I was thinking maybe-maybe-maybe it could be a game room, y'know? I mean you can buy old arcade games like uh, like Space Invaders and Asteroids for $200, the real ones! The big-big ones!
Du-du-I wrote it, I wrote it on the board! I wrote it on the board, then I went all over New York City looking for ya! I went to Ross's! I went to the coffeehouse! I went to any place that they made sandwiches!
Honey, it is not a date! I haven't talked to her in ten years! You can't just call up somebody you haven't talked to in ten years and ask them for a favor. There are rules, y'know? You gotta, you got to put in some time.
No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say "No thanks, I'm married."
Yes, but I just had one. Two. Two tiny cigarettes. Okay, five. A pack. Two pack...a...a carton. Three big fat cartons in two days. But it's over, I made a decision, I'm not gonna smoke anymore.
All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.'
Oh No, It's Terrific, It'S- It'S- Y'Know, You Deserve This, After All Your Years Of Struggling, You'Ve Finally Been Able To Crack Your Way Into Show Business.
The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.
Guys! Guys! Come on! It's Thanksgiving, it's not important who wins or loses. The important thing is, the Dutch girl picked me! Me! Not you! Holland loves Chandler! Thank you, Amsterdam! Good night!!
All right everybody, I know that it's Christmas Eve and you'd rather be with your families, but there's *no* call for writing "Screw you, Mr. Bing!" on the back of my chair! -- By the way, you can all call me Chandler.
Umm, you know how we always said that it would be fun to move to Paris for a year? You know, you could study French cooking and I could write and we could take a picnic along the Seine and go wine tasting in Bordeaux?
No, I know, but it's just so hard, you know? I mean, you're sitting there with her, she has no idea what's happening, and then you finally get up the courage to do it, and there's the horrible awkward moment when you've handed her the note.
I'll take it! All right look, I gotta know. Are you finished with me? Are you finished with him? Do you still love him? Do you still love me? All right look, I'm gonna need an actual answer here okay, so which is it, him or me?
I mean, I can write slogans. I mean, how hard can it be, right? "Cheese. It's milk that you chew." "Crackers. Because your cheese needs a buddy." "A grape. Because who can get a water melon in your mouth?"
I don't wanna know what Monica got me. Y'know? I mean, look, I'm sure she worked really hard at getting you a present, and wanting to surprise me, and you guys are gonna ruin that, and I, look we have to put these back, this is not what Christmas is about.
Actually, we're trying, and I don't think Monica's gonna wanna postpone it. We're supposed to have sex tonight. Actually, she's probably at home naked right now. I tend to keep talking until somebody stops me. I can just picture her on the bed right now.
Oklahoma where the wind comes sweeping down the plane, STOP IT! Why couldn't they have sent me to Texas? 7 o clock maybe I'll hit the gym who am I kidding pay-per-view porn. -Cuts to Monica.
Hear me out woman. I'll go down the fire escape. Then, I'll wait for a while. Then, when I come up the stairs, it'll be just like I just got back from Tulsa. Then, Joey and I will come in and see that there's no guy in here.
Because that's who I am, okay? I'm sure a mature man like Richard could see a tape like that and it wouldn't bother him. Just'd be another saucy anecdote for him to share at his men's club over brandy and moustaches.
Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the beginning and still be around each other all the time, I think that's pretty incredible. And the fact that this is happening all with you, yeah I think that's pretty exciting.
Oh, it's not just that, I would be England's most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her majesty's secret service. A man who fears no one; with a license to kill. Would Monica let me wear this?
Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, who's boss.
Are you serious?! I mean like eloping?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or these flowers or these flowers-Think of the money we'll save!! We're not eloping. I love the flowers. Can our wedding be bigger please?
Yeah, not bad right? You know what, Monica's gonna be working late, so I'm gonna make this place spotless. You know what else I'm gonna do, know what else I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go downstairs, I'm gonna get her some flowers. Now who wouldn't wanna live with me?
All right, I have to get that, but no-no. Hello? Hi! Yeah listen, I'm, I'm in need of a stripper and I was told that you do that. Let me ask you this, what, what do you do for the extra hundred? So would I, would I have to provide the grapes?
Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason.} I mean, just impress Gary and Phoebe we have to go upstairs and have sex over and over and I'm saying no to this, why? Get your coat.
Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street.
Okay, so if an eight comes up, we take it as a sign and we do it! {Whoa! Where have I heard that before? Matthew Perry talking about signs in Las Vegas. I guess it must've been some movie I saw.} What do you say?
I Think It's Great That You Work Here. You'Re Going To Make A Lot Of Money, And Here's Your First Tip. Don't eat yellow snow. . Ah ha ha, 2:15, coffeehouse.
She said yes!! She said yes!! Awful play, man. Whoah. Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian, and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way. Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you.
Our balcony? Seriously? That's so funny because I told Monica we should put lights on our balcony. And she said"No, no. It's too cold, nobody will go out there." And I said "Maybe if we put some light out there they will"
No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me?
Y'know, I can't believe Kathy did this too me. I really, thought that she was the one. I tell you what, from now on I'm never getting out of this chair, ever! Okay? From now on, this chair is the one! You wanna what else is the one? My sweat pants!
Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and cons. Oh. We'll put their names in bold, with different fonts, and I can use different colors for each column.
What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk over here and casually just put my feet right up on the... OK, OK, here's what we do, we just uh, move the couch closer to the coffee table.
Hey, I didn't make up the rules. Now, after you receive the doubling bonus, you get uh, one card. Now that one card could be worth $100 bringing your total to 1,500. Don't get to excited because that's not gonna happen unless you get-No way!
Nobody is opening anything ok? Look, I don't know about you guys, but I wanna see the look on Monica's face when I give her my present, and I'm sure she wants to see the look on my face when I get mine. So please, please, can we just, can we put them back?
No-no-no! It is going to be okay, because Mrs. Braverman is gonna send away for a free one and that way we all win! The only losers are the big cheesecake conglomerate, Momma's Little Bakery. I feel terrible, I'm a horrible, horrible, horrible person.
Oh well it's not me, it's my character, Chandy. Yeah the rogue processor who seduces his co-worker's wives for sport and then laughs about it the next day at the water cooler. In fact, I have her panties right there in my drawer.
Hi! Hi. Okay, there was a slight mix-up at the jewelry store, the ring you're about to propose with was supposed to be held for me. So, I'm gonna need to have that back. But, in exchange I'm willing to trade you this beautiful, more expensive ring. Ew.
It's "Ride of the Valkyries" from "Apocalypse Now"... See, Here's The Thing The corn rose were really a solution to your frizzy hair problem. And now that we're home, we don't have that problem anymore, so if you think about it... I hate them!
Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. Hey, how you holdin' up there, tiger? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports, I even got a governor.
Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it's probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women... So, as of 4 o'clock tomorrow, I'm either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.
Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie--Okay, he should've pushed me off of the bridge.
Well, I umm, I mean this is just off the top of my head now, umm but I have this friend. This actor friend and he would kill me if he thought I was doing this umm, but umm would it be possible for him to get an audition for your movie say on Thursday?
It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I'm going to get her a bottle of the champagne that she really loves; therefore knows how expensive it is. Then when the glasses are full, instead of proposing a toast I'm just gonna propose.
Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, I-I-I cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Really? He does? Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks!
I'm sorry. You're not easy-going, but you're passionate, and that's good. And when you get upset about the little things, I think that I'm pretty good about making you feel better about that. And that's good too. So, they can say that you're high maintenance, but it's okay, because I like ... maintaining you.
David, let me stop you there 'cause I think I see where this is going. I'm not very good at giving advice. So if you want advice, go to Ross, Monica, or... Joey, if the thing you wanna advice about is pizza toppings or burning sensation when you pee.
I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I'm right. I'm right. Am I right?
You know, on second thought, gum would be perfection. 'Gum would be perfection'? 'Gum would be perfection.' Could have said 'gum would be nice,' or 'I'll have a stick,' but no, no, no, no. For me, gum is perfection. I loathe myself.
Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and I was wondering what someone might do if they left a baby on a city bus. Yes I do realize that would be a very stupid charact er.
I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And y'know Mon, you can be in charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put their hands around...
Oh no no no.. I'll get her. I'm super-compentent and totally responsibile and fourth in line to raise Emma. I'll be right there Emma. Just let me get my trusty diaper bag here. Well.. what do you know? I guess, I'll be the one who dies first.
You know, guys I got to say. This means so much to me. That you would trust me with your child. I mean, we all know that Monica and I have been trying to have a baby of our own. You know I've had my doubts about my skills as a father, but that you two.. that you two....
She doesn't know. Says she loves us both. Y'know I woke up this morning and I was in love, well I was happy. Y'know it serves me right for buying that twelve pack of condoms. And now I can't even return them, because she choked on the reciept!
You don't think I've tried? You think I like having 50 dollars taken out of my bank account every month? No, they make you go all the way down there! Then they use all of these phrases and peppiness to try and confuse you! Then they bring out Maria.
What are you, stop naming dwarves! Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird lately. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got...stupid, and, and scared, and....stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. Really?! Really?!
Look, I just don't think Monica and I are ready to get married yet! Y'know? I mean, I love her and everything but seeing Ross and Rachel coming out of that chapel was like a, like a wake-up call that Monica and I are moving so fast. Y'know? And, how do I tell her without crushing her?
No no no! Look, Carol, can I call you Carol? Wh-why would I when your name is Elaine? Oh what a great picture of your son, strapping! That's a picture of your daughter, isn't it, well she's lovely. I like a girl with a strong jaw. I'll call you from Tulsa.
Hi, listen, I'm sorry about before. I don't need to have a game room. I mean when I was a kid I only played those games because I couldn't get girls, and now I can 'em-Now, I have you. Not-not that I think that I have you or think of you as property in any sort of way, I see women...
Okay, this is good, this is good. All right listen, I have one. Janice likes to cuddle, at night, which, you know I'm all for. But, uh, you know when you want to go to sleep, you want some space. So, uh, how do I tell her that without, you know, accidentally calling her fat or something.
So, Ross and I are going to Disneyland and we stop at this restaurant for tacos. And when I say restaurant, I mean a guy, a hibachi, and the trunk of his car. So Ross has about 10 tacos. And anyway, we're on Space Mountain and Ross starts to feel a little iffy.
We're not gonna have this conversation again... Look at this place. Why am I so intimidated by this guy? Pretentious art, this huge macho couch. When we know all he does is sit around all day crying about losing Monica to a real man! You don't think he's here, do you?
It's not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody's! The only person that can make marriage work is Paul Newman! And I've met me; I am not Paul Newman. I don't race cars! I don't make popcorn! None of my proceeds go to charity.
Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not deserve happiness, does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac.
Ya know I remember my father, all dressed up in the red suit, the big black boots, and the patent leather belt, sneakin around downstairs. He didn't want anybody to see him but he'd be drunk so he'd stumble, crash into something and wake everybody up.
Oh God, it freaked me out. Okay, I know it shouldn't have, but it did. I mean I like her, I don't want to stop seeing her, but every so often it's like 'Hey, y'know what, where's your leg?' I mean I'm the smallest person in the world aren't I? I'm the smallest person in the world.
Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, Geller-Green, they'll let you in, OK. If you buzz our door, there's no tip for you. OK, thanks. Pizza's on the way. I told you we wouldn't have to get up.
Well let's see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that's plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!
So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this?
I'm saying that she... is a devil woman! Y'know I mean you think you know someone and then they turn around and they sleep with Nick! Nick, with his rock hard pecs, and his giant man-nipples! I hate him, I hate her! Well, I don't hate her, I love her. This is all my fault really.
Yeah! When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me! Look, things like last night they don't just happen. Y'know? Or at least not to me. Or with the other two women, in the morning y'know I was just lying there and I couldn't wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always y'know with a friend.
Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy , uh but he doesn't want Reggie to just give him the money. So Reggie hires him as his assist-as his butler. And then makes him do all these crazy things like bring him milkshakes that can't have lumps in them.
And I'm sure we're all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily.
Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, barks into the night. Well, who doesn't love dogs? Ah, he's a tap dancer! Yes, some would say that is a lost art. He's a pimp! There you go! Yes, he's a pimp. He's a big, tap dancing pimp! Hello?
Alright look, let's think about this, ok, do you really think that people are gonna stir up your family at this tragic time? That people are gonna post condolences on a website? This is not about people not caring that you're dead .This is about people not having a decent outlet for their grief.
Alright! That is it. This is our apartment and you can not behave this way. Now if you can't act your age then you shouldn't be here at all. Now those plates may not be as nice as the pretty pink ones I picked out, but they're very important to Monica. I want you to apologize to her right now.
A-huh. So he's rolling down the street and he starts to lose control, you know... maybe he falls... maybe hurts himself. Just then, a kid comes flying by wearing the shoes. He jumps over the old guy and laughs, and the line reads: "Not suitable for adults!"
I know, And then all of the sudden your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get outta here!' You know, but of course, like, after that you can't possibly think of anything else, and you can't, you know, stop what your doing. So it's kinda like, you're, you know. You know.... You don't know!
But only because I was up all night worried about this meeting, ain't that funny? Irony? Not a fan, alright . See, here's the thing. I went home and told my wife about Tulsa and she won't go. See, me, I love Tulsa! Tulsa is heaven! Tulsa is Italy-Please don't make me go there!
Oh that's not true! That's not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it... Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it... Her initials...
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. . She's insane, the woman is insane. It's before work, it's after work, it's during work. She's got me doing butt clenches at my desk. And now, they won't bring me my mail anymore.
It was working until you showed up, you big tree! I mean, this isn't fair. You had your chance with her! You had your chance and you blew it! And this is my chance and I am not going to blow it because we are meant for each other! And this is all just been one stupid mistake! I was gonna propose tonight.
OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there.
I'm sorry. Hey, at least you guys get to go home and be with your families tonight. I have to go back to an empty hotel room and lay down on a very questionable bedspread. And then tomorrow morning, you get to have Christmas morning in your own houses, wich, by the way, none of you have invited me to.
Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
All right everybody! Just be quiet! Be quiet! Be quiet!! Pipe-pipe-pipe down! What is the matter with you people?! This woman was trying to do a nice thing for you. She was making candy so she could try to get to know all of you, and I'll bet that not one of you can tell me her name! Am I right?
So... Oklahoma is a crazy place. You know, they call it the Sooner state. Frankly I'd sooner be in any other state. And what's with Oklahoma having a pan handle? Can all states have stuff like that? Hey yeah, I'm from the waistband, Wyoming. But when I was seven, we headed over to the crotch.
Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento. You, however have had the love of a woman for four years. Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it! I don't think that was my point!
No, no resentment, believe me, it's worth it. 'Kay? Y'know in a relationship you have these key moments that you know you'll remember for the rest of your life? Well, every- single- second is like that with Aurora.. and I've just wasted about thirty-five of them talking to you people, so, uh.. Monica, can you help me with the door?
I'm sorry. I'm-I'm-I'm sorry that I said I was going to when I'm not. Look, this has nothing to do with you, y'know? And this isn't Rachel's fault. It's me. I have serious, serious problems when it comes to women. I have issues with commitment, intimacy, mascara goop. And I'm really sorry, it's just that this is not, this isn't going to work out.
I'm totally screwed. Okay, they are gonna be hot and heavy on stage every night, and then they're gonna go to their cast parties and he's gonna try to undermine me. Y'know it'll be like, "So where's your boyfriend, what's-his-name, Chester?" And she'll go, "No-no-no, it's Chandler." And he'll go, "Whatever. Ha-ha-ha-ha!"
You know what? You know what? I think we're making too big a deal out of this. ok? So we pay our bills a little late this month and maybe next month we cut back on a few things. And maybe we start eating out of Joey's refrigerator for a change. You're chef... what can you make out of backing soda and beer?
Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let's take a second here and look at pigs. Okay pigs don't mate for life. I mean a pig can have like a hundred sexual partners in a lifetime, and that's just an ordinary pig not even a pig that's good at sports!
Hey. Well, you will all be pleased to know that I have a date tomorrow night. This woman, Alison, from work. She's great. She's pretty, she's smart. And uh, I've been holding off on asking her out in the past, because she has an unusually large head. But, I'm not gonna let that stuff hang me up anymore. Look at me. I'm growing.
Couldn't sleep last night you know, then I started worrying about this big divisional meeting that I have later today, the more I worried about it the more I couldn't sleep. Y'know? I was like, if I fall asleep now I'll get six hours sleep, but if I fall asleep now I'll get five hours sleep. Not matter what I did I couldn't fall asleep.
What's with the word y'all? You know, just... two words just... pushed together... Are we all allowed to do that, because if so, I say why stop there? You know, your new poodle could be your noodle. And fried chicken? Could be fricken.Waiter, waiter excuse me, I'll have the fricken? See, that's... that's funny with the fricken, right?
No, it's not! When I looked at the other ring I could see Monica's face when I gave it to her, y'know? And I could see her saying yes. When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then I can see my own eye. Look, this is the most important thing I'm gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure it's perfect.
I think you should go back with Gary. I don't wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when my parents split up, it was because of that guy. Whenever I would see him I was always think y'know 'You're the reason, you are the reason why their not together.' and I hated that guy. And it didn't matter how nice he was, or how happy he made my Dad.
No, that's okay. Monica I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I ever gonna had to do. But when I saw you walking down that aisle I realized how simple it was. I love you. Any surprises that come our way it's okay, because I will always love you. You are the person I was meant to spend the rest of my life with. You wanna know if I'm sure?
Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. So you win, okay? Here! Pheebs? Flying a jet? Better make it a spaceship so that you can get back to your home planet! And Ross, phone call for you today, Tom Jones, he wants his pants back! And Hornswoggle? What are you dating a character from Fraggile Rock?!
Okay! Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
Oh no thats okay, you're totally right. I don't know anything about disciplining a child. But it did hurt my feelings and I want you to know that when I die, you don't get Joey. Ross walks away with a face of yeah ok. Amy walks over to the couch and sits down next to Rachel: Ucch. Uchh In case you hadn't noticed, I'm not talking to you.
Monica, that was also true an hour ago! I mean, please, look at you! Your hand is blistered, you can barely stand, your hair is inexplicable! Ok, you've already proven you are just as good as he is, now we've missed our dinner reservations, so now let's just go upstairs, order room service, take a shower and shave your head!
And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from when they met Joey. And Doug wants us to play tennis with them. He's never even talked to me outside of work. Except for that time when we bumped into each other at that strip club. Strip church. Anyway, I'm gonna go try and find a racquet.
Okay! Okay! Okay! I'll do it! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
No! Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler! I'm fine. Uh, listen, I don't know if you tried to call me, because, uh, idiot that I am, I accidentally shut off my phone. Oh, uh, okay, that's fine, that's great. Okay. She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back. She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back, she's on the other line, gonna call me back...
Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y'know, for you, and... I left the door open and she must have gotten out and I looked everywhere, all over the apartment, including the roof, which FYI Ross, one of your neighbors, growing weed. I couldn't find him, and I am so, so, so, sorry. But I do know where we could all go ease the pain.
Well, stuff like where'd we live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Y'know, we could have a cat that had a bell on it's collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, we'd have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary... Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am so bad at this.
Well, stuff like where we'd live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Y'know, we could have a cat that had a bell on its collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, we'd have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. Ba-!
Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary... Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am *so* bad at this.
...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
Oh come on guys, it's not like I moved to Europe! I just moved across the hall! And we would have you over all the time if it weren't for Monica's allergies. You're right, I could never lie to you. She hates you. Should I get that? Hello? Uh no, Joey's not here right now. Can I take a message? Yeah, okay so the audition has been moved from 5:00 to 2:30? Okay great. Bye.
Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!
Well, first of all, they're not called "sneakers" anymore. Apparently, they're called "kicks" or "skids" and I think I heard somebody say "slorps". And here, look: they've got these wheels to pop out from the bottom so you can roll around 'cause, apparently, walking is too much exercise. Kids, kids, roll your way to childhood obesity! Would you help me try to sell these?
I'd like to toast, Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will be tomorrow at the wedding, so this is kind of my little toast or Melba toast, if you will. Okay. I known Ross for a long time. In fact, I knew him when he was going out with his first girlfriend. And I thought things were going to work out for him.. Until the day he over inflated her. Ohh, Dear God..
Night-night.....Janice. 'Look at all that room on her side, you good fit a giant penguin over there. That would be weird though. Okay, hug and roll time. I'm huggin', I'm huggin', your rollin', and....yes! Freedom! Except for this arm! I'm stuck. Stuck arm! Okay, time for the old table cloth trick, one fluid motion. Quick like a cat, quick like a cat! And 1...2...3!'
If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, yknow. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. "Run away from Crazy Snake Man," they'll shout!
Well look, it's not easy to spend this much time apart, you know. She's entitled to be a little paranoid... or, in this case: right on money! ... You know, she's amazing, and beautiful, and smart, and if she were here right now, ...she'd kick your ass. Look, you're a really nice person... ham stealing and adultery aside. But, what I have with my wife is pretty great, so nothing is ever gonna happen between us.
Little toast here. I know this isn't exactly the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
Joey? Got you a Joey Special, two pizzas! Joe? Hello? Damnit! Hello? No, Joey's not here right now, but I can take a message I think. He's still got a chance for the part?! Oh, that's great news! Well no obviously not for the actor who was mauled by his dog. Oh well, that's great. I will give Joey the message. Thank you! Yes! Okay, Mac audition at 2:00. Allergy actor attacked. By dog not flowers.
But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please?
Let me tell you why you need to pick me. See, when I was a kid, I was always left out of everything, you know, and it really made me feel... insecure. You know, I was always picked last in gym. Even behind that big fat exchange student who didn't even know the rules to baseball. I mean, this guy would strike out and then run to third. Anyway, If I'm the only one left out of this wedding, I just know that all those feelings are gonna come rushing back.
I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
It just keeps getting worse and worse! Y'know? I mean it's bad enough that I'm in love with my roommates girlfriend-which by the way, I think she knows. Because every time we're in the room together there's this weird like energy between us. And call me crazy, but I think she likes me too. And now I have seen her naked. I mean at least when I've seen her with clothes on, I could imagine her body was like covered in boles or something. But there are no boles, she's smooth! Smooth!
No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you'd have to come up with a whole new word for what I went through. When I was in High School, he used to come to all of my swim meets dressed as a different Hollywood starlet. Y'know it's hard enough to be fourteen. You're skinny. You're wearing speedoes-That your mom promised that you would grow into! And you look up into the stands and there's your dad cheering you on dressed as Carmen Miranda. We was wearing a headdress with real fruit that he will later hand out to your friends as a healthy snack!
Hey Mr. Kostelic! How's life on the fifteenth floor? Yeah, I miss you too. Yeah, it's a lot less satisfying to steal pens from your own home, you know? Well, that's very generous er, but look, this isn't about the money. I need something that's more than a job. I need something I can really care about.... And that's on top of the yearly bonus structure you mentioned earlier? Look, Al, Al... I'm not playing hardball here, OK? This is not a negotiation, this is a rejection! No! No! No, stop saying numbers! I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy! You've got the wrong guy! I'll see you on Monday!
