I know it sounds crazy, but Chandler this is the greatest sandwich in the world!
Ahh, forget about it, I'm havin' a ball. How's the apartment doin'
That's right, it's all ruined! You guys ruined everything! You ruined it!
I didn't look at it. Stupid baby's head was blocking most of it.
Ohh, great! Oh hey, listen Ross, thanks for being so cool about this.
Fine, I'll rent a car and drive...! Ross, you have to get that job!
Well, I was thinking about that and I, I think the best way would be, to not.
Really? In the moment, I really wanted to kiss you too. In the moment.
Ok! Stop it you guys! Stop staring! You're freaking me out!
Now hold on a second, fifth floor against that back wall?
Well, then it wouldn't be a secret. So yeah, that would be okay. Yeah. Yeah!
I know, there are gonna be some pasty folks by the pool tomorrow!
Okay, I'm in my sweat pants. Bring on the food! What's the matter?
Yaaahhh. Ahhh, candles. What'dya thinks gonna happen here tonight?
Chandler! You are not gonna believe this! I have found my identical hand twin!
Okay, here's my big scene. My big scene's here! Oh my God.
That wasn't a real date?! What the hell do you do on a real date?
Whoa-whoa-whoa. Jokes? You guys know they have naked chicks in there, right?
Sure, yeah. Will you just keep an eye on the chick and the duck?
Oh umm, my big scene is coming up. Big scene coming up.
Okay, it all comes down to this. Whatever happens, happens. Destiny.
No, but it's okay. She just came in and gave him a hug, that it.
Wow! Well, uh... Hey! I'm really happy for you guys! Congratulations! See you later.
No, don't be sorry. I don't need it anymore. I found my identical hand twin!
Gimme a box a juice. Well, they switched me over to Hombre.
Y'know what? I think that's enough for now. Yeah. I don't want to be over rehearsed.
Wow! I'm so sorry; I had no idea it would bother you this much.
Aw! Does that mean the Sam Goody's sale is over?!
I'm serious. You're amazing. You know when to spritz, when to lay back.
Yeah, it's like a cow's opinion. It just doesn't matter. It's moo.
I know, I'm sorry, but can I just have a quick second to run to the bathroom?
Naa, you're just sayin' that 'cause you're in love with Yasmine Blepe.
Oh really? Well, maybe you and I go out for drinks? You're the other one right?
Oh yeah, he looked like a real lumberjack in those pink laceys.
Chandler is a complex fellow, one who is unlikely to take a wife.
Would you let it go Ross. It was just a dream. It doesn't mean...
Monica what're you doin'? You can't go shopping with her? What about Rachel?
Hey, Chandler, can we please stay focused on my problem here?! Y'know?
All right well, I guess I gotta go get a job. I'm gonna go see my agent.
I got one. Which one of us do you think will be the last to get married?
Well no, I'm just in a coma. This must mean I have lines! Oh...
Hey, for what it's worth, with Rachel I don't think you'll ever be just "anybody."
How come Richard looks so much cooler with one of these than me?
If you hated the bracelet so much, Chandler, you should have just said so.
Ew, you get thrown from a horse into an electric fence.
RACHEL PLEASE!!! JUST HAVE DINNER WITH US!!!
That's right, he almost could. Which is exactly how I got stuck there.
Yeah! And you have so many more choices than you do with men's underwear!
Oh and uh the guy who got the Paris trip is at table four.
Yeah, so no one touches the remote. And no one touches the TV!
There was chocolate on the three. It looked like an eight, alright?
Well, not that its any of your business, but, no, we havent, okay?
The part I want to audition for is a fireman, this is so meant to be!
No, it's okay, but if I'm Marge, my breasts are coming out my back.
What can I do? Look, I don't want to do anything to screw it up with Ursula.
Oh No-no-no-no-no-no-no! He went over to Ross' to bring the dog back here!
What they're not invited?! Oh no, that's terrible! They're gonna be crushed!
All right they got water, orange juice, and what looks like cider.
Oh-Wha-Ho! What are you middle naming me for?! I left you a note!
Re! Re! Then I can watch that! Rewind it! Rewind it!
Who cares, we'll eat at the sink! Come on, let's play!
I say, 'I am there!' Cool! Aw, is Ross going to?
Well maybe I got a little upset and maybe I told them where they could go.
Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people.
Hey, don't get mad at us! No one forced you to raise the stakes!
All right, look, I'm not proud of this, ok? Well, maybe I am a little.
Well, what about the fact that you insulted the bracelet and you made fun of me?
Oh, wow! I'm so sorry, ok? I promise, we'll do better next time!
Well, you seem pretty insulted by that. What? I'm not good enough for you?
Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. We live in the building by the uh sidewalk.
I can't tell you what I'm wishing for! Else...you know...won't come true!
Oh, that's cool. We have interns at 'Days Of Our Lives'.
Yeah, you can fire her, but I would call security, she won't go easy.
Oh! Well that's it! He's the last one to go. I'm locking you guys in.
Relax. Here hold this . This old stuff just comes right off.
Well, there's gonna be strippers there. He didn't say anything about no strippers.
Well then help me get it off! Plus, it smells really bad in here.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! You're not gonna use the pay phone to call work, are ya?
Bijan for men? Bijan for men? Bijan for men? Hey Annabelle.
I don't know, birds just don't say, "Hello, sit here, eat something."
Well-I got a head rush from standing up to fast right there.
Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't pass it on to your bosses!
Come on man! You never want to do anything since you and Janice broke up.
GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE!
Hey you guys I'm gonna take off. I just wanted to let you guys know, say goodbye.
Hey! How is New England not a state? Huh? They have a sports-team!
Yeah! And also, a little like a French guy. I never noticed that before.
Here she comes. Hold on, I'm gonna make your life much easier.
Thanks for stopping by. See ya! I-I am so sorry. I...
Just... seeing what it'd be like to be a paleontologist... it's fun, yeah!
Hey! So, what's with the 20 percent tip? Did I do something wrong?
Yeah, but uh, I don't want to be up too late, so uh, I'll have a decaf.
No. no... eh... she went shopping with Rachel. Why? What's up?
I can't hear a word you're saying, my ears are ringing so bad.
Look, which one of us is gonna be having sex in there, me or you?
Well, it must be, because I read and I didn't understand a singe word.
Oh. That is quite a situation. Uh, do you see any like, powder?
Oh yeah, sorry about that. Mob mentality or whatever, I don't know...
Ohhhh, good one! And Yemen that actually sounds like a real country.
That sketch you mentioned? Might it have looked a little something like this?
C'mon, you're going out with the guy! There's gotta be something wrong with him!
Hey, is this person who decides whether or not you... get a baby?
Look, we're not throwing it out! I built this thing with my own hands!
Yeah, I just got off the Internet! Man, there is a lot of porn out there!
Oh, no no no. Its for Ursula. I just figured, you know, size-wise.
Come on man, just-just let the girls stay, I'll do whatever you want.
I bet that kiss isn't looking like such a big mistake now, is it?
Hi Alex! And uh, as you can see my hands are not in my pants.
Ten. Okay. Now Tag there's such a thing as to many women.
Oh what, did someone outbid you for the teapot? Oh! Secret teapot?
Actually, that will be long. You know, I really need to organize my thoughts.
Well, he's gonna. I'll see you a little later, ok? Hey, how ya doin'?
You could say: "Hey Kenny, how come you're not Britney Spears?"
Come on! When you go away, you-you have to play, it's like a law!
I know! All right, I'll see you guys over there! I'm off to fight the Nazis.
Yeah, but, hey look, don't go through her stuff. She gets really mad.
Umm, listen, Ross do you really think this moving in with Rachel is a good idea?
Know what was great? The way his smile was kinda crooked.
Come on, season tickets! Season tickets, do you know what that means?
We've been stood up. And we want our free crab cakes.
Morning! Hey, how's my favorite genius and my little robot buddy?!
I knew I shouldn't have mentioned it! That's what I wanted to name my kid!
God, that would be weird it that situation presented itself tonight, huh?
Actually I rent the whole place and, I just got what you meant. Thank you.
How about zero down and zero a month for a long, long time?
No, Pheebs, listen, if you decide to do this, we'll be supportive like crazy.
We're geniuses! Yeah, look at them, look at them, they're really bonding.
Can I use your phone? Yeah, the number for a Sidney Marks, please.
Yeah okay. Even though my tax dollars paid for this car.
No! No. Don't do that, just next time make sure she really likes me.
Yeah, I think that'd be best... So, so I'm gonna... I'm gonna take off...
Monica face it, Chandler is against marriage. And-and always will be!
Say hello to the new champ of Chandler's dumb states game.
Probably not. Nah. I don't know how much I'm gonna wanna play after you go.
It's my VISA bill. Envelope one of two. That can't be good.
Hey, no matter what happens with Ross and Emily, we still get cake right?
Incredible! I met the director this time and you'll never believe who it was.
I was with you the whole time we were in Connecticut, when did you even get those?
Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man, just stop calling.
All right, fine... But if I enjoy this, you have only yourself to blame...
Morning. I just uh, came by to pick up my mail. Where's the mail?
What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it was a penis.
Hey, you can cancel plans with friends if there is the possibility for sex!
Hey that's not true! Look at uh, look at Angela Lansb-Angelina Jolie!
Look, we probably should have talked to you about this before it ever happened, but..
Well, if she's my friend, hopefully she'll understand. I mean, wouldn't you guys?
No! It's not okay! It's not okay at all!! You're dead inside!!
Are you kidding? I love that guy! Morning's here! Morning is here-
Hey you guys, check it out. Check it out. It's like it's coming right at me.
I know, I'm so bummed. Can we have our free crab cakes now?
Nooo. I had a story all worked out but then Chandler sold me out.
Nice!! Yeah! Is that part of your resolution, your new thing for today?
So what if he didn't come! We can still go out and party ourselves!
And about this Nancy thing... If you're not sleeping with her, should I?
well that's not even the weird part. I don't think she remembered sleeping with me.
But you're still moving in together, right? Because my ad came out today.
Hey! What are you guys doing here? I thought you'd be out partying with Gandel-worf.
This is where I keep the pizza. And-Hey! Where did the napkin go?!
Yeah! Well, well really it's three. Please. You're so good at it. I love you.
I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very reasonable price.
It's two gifts in one. It's a pen that's also a clock! Huh?
Look, it's too late, and I got an audition. I can't shop anymore! I...
Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency.
I just got this really weird message from Ross. He said turn on MTV.
Fresh squeezed orange juice, with pulp! Just the way you like it.
Yeah, but it's not gonna last. She's too much for me in bed. Sexually.
Uh, for your information, since they hired a very hot weather girl.
Uhh, do you mind sitting there. I'm-I'm saving this for my friend Ross.
And you got a 'hate' from that?! Your taking a big leap there...
Nice, nice. Hey I got somethin' for you. [hands Chandler an envelope.
All right, my New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the guitar.
Oh, well we watch it a second time and its Die Hard 2!
I'm gonna miss these little guys. It was nice having birds around again.
Oh yeah yeah. I process. People want the processing, I'm the one they call.
It is so amazing to meet you. I'm such a big fan of your work.
Yeah, this slow roasted salmon, just how slow are we talkin' here?
How about Tony's? If you can finish a 32-ounce steak, it's free.
You can come over and watch the Super Bowl. Every year, all right?
No, no, no, no, that was - that was just for me. Are you sure about this?
'Cause I figured you'd hooked up with some girl and she'd left it there.
Hey. I spent the night out. I met this cute bridesmaid. She is so...
Yeah! And I like to hang out in a quiet place where I can talk to my friends.
Okay, listen, hey, Ross. Why don't you try to relax, okay? Maybe have a drink.
Oh, hey, Lauren. Uh, you guys this is, this is Kate's understudy, Lauren.
He broke up with Julie. Well, go hug her, for god's sakes.
Aww, man, he took the five of spades!! Oh, no-no-no, here it is!
Wow! Maybe uh, maybe you and I ought to get to know each other a little better.
Well, at the Christmas party him and Santa did some definitely gay stuff!
Come on, please, it'll be just this one more, well actually it's two.
Yeah! And-and things aren't as...smashed down as I thought they were gonna be.
Hey no, seriously, I don't need you to pick me... Alright! It still works.
Somebody was using his head. Hey, let's check out the rest of the place.
Oh, man! I wouldn't have had breakfast if I knew there was going to be corsages!
Well so, how come you blew me off? Y'know? How come you were with him?
Oooh, the next part's the best, when that dead lady in the bathtub...
Right. Ok, ok, uh, ducks is heads, because ducks have heads.
Shoot! Shoot! Shoot! Shoot, or just fall down. That's good too.
Whoa, whoa. And the fact that you dumped him because he hit on Phoebe?
Hey Chandler, while you were sleeping that guy from your old job called again.
Yeah, try sticking it in the freezer for 20 minutes. I'm tellin' ya!
Wow! I can't believe this! This is incredible. I mean you just won an Oscar!
Oh God. Uh, okay, here's the thing, this is the thing, okay, the thing is...
Hey. How come you're answering your own phone? Where's your crazy assistant?
And that's just in the city. I get her up to 160 when I take her upstate.
Hey, it's a lot harder than it looks! Okay? She-she-she's hurting me.
Well, I only said that because of Ross, you know. Then I saw him kissing Charlie...
Whoa! For a rich guy he's got, that's a pretty small TV.
It's not what you said. It's the way you said it....Oh My God, I'm a woman!!!
Chandler gave me word of the day toilet paper. I'm gonna get some coffee.
You can come in, but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside!
Sure I do! It's a verb! As in, "I behalfin' it!"
Oh yeah, lava spewing, hot ash, of course some are dormant.
yeah but she should remember sleeping with me I am very memorable, you guys know.
Oh, I like that, yeah. Wasn't at the parade because I had a family emergency.
A monologue? I don't have.. I got it. Aah! so... I'm gonna take off!
Wow, is this friendship? I think so. Check it out, we're bracelet buddies.
Hey I was crying because, because nobody believed Quincy's theory. Okay?
What? Are you out of your mind? Lets throw some jello on them.
Fine, fine okay. But I gotta say technically, I didn't even do anything wrong.
Maybe, maybe we did a good thing, helping Ross get back on his feet!
Not good, no. I didn't get the part, and I lost my job here, so ...
If you want, I'll sell my friends and use the money to buy you presents.
All right. Hey Rach, while you're in there, throw something on Alicia Mae.
Relax okay, I-I-I can get this open. Anybody have a coat hanger?
Yeah, turns out our kids go to the same school. Small world huh?
Hey-hey! Stanley! Hey-hey! You're leading man is here! Let's get to work.
Ross, hey, the band's ready outside for your first dance with Emily, so...
Yeah, Chandler finds me so intimdating that it's better if we're on the same team.
Hey! You guys! Remember that audition I had a while ago and didn't get the part?
What's not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Gooooood.
How's that pig-in-the-blanket workin' out for you? I wrapped those bad boys.
We, we come back from our walk and the- the phone was ringing...
Well, I started building one. But then I decided to take it to the next step.
Guys! Guys!! You gotta let me nap! Ugh, I'm gonna get cranky!
Oh, that's, that's ah, one of the old ones, he's just taking it to the back.
Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me?
Kathy was being really nice and you just walked away. I thought we had a deal.
Uh, Rachel's here, so good luck man, let me know how it works out.
What are you talkin' about? I never left you! You've always been my agent!
OK, you've got to promise that you'll never, ever tell Ross that I told you.
Excuse me, could we get an egg over here, still in the shell? Thanks.
Ahh-oy! That was the underwear I was wearing that night in London. Right Monica?
He's kinda tall, dark hair, hand looks exactly like this. See?
Okay, see that blind guy right there? I'm gonna bash his head in later.
All right, come on look, Ross can take care of himself! It's not like he's...Chandler!
Well she better get here soon, the outlet stores close at 7.
Oh, man, I could totally get that part. 'I'm sorry, that seat is taken.'
She's probably exhausted from all that adorable screaming she did last night.
Have you heard about a little something called, Not Making Girls Cry.
Y'know, I can see why you think that, but ah, actually, you know who I think it is?
Six and a half! You knocked that last one out of my hand! Remember?
And now Chandler! We're all gettin' so old! Why are you doing this to us?!
I discovered I'm able to count all of my teeth using just my tongue.
Oh, ain't that nice? The three of you trying on slutty lingerie together.
Ah... Chick Jr.? Duck Jr.? Don't hide from mama!
Oh. Well good! For me. What is this? Did you give yourself a facial?
Hey, so how'd it go with Julie? Did you, did you break her heart?
Hey, I may never have kids, and somebody's gotta carry on my family name.
So, tell me. Was it like you and Chandler, and then you and me, or you and me and Chandler?
Well, I think it's ridiculous that you haven't had sex in three and a half months.
Oh, yeah. He's got that great baby smell. Get a whiff of his head.
Two thousand dollars!? What do you think I am? I soap opera star!?
Really. Why can't we just get some pizzas and get some beers and have fun?
Oh come on man, you can dance with my partner, she's real, uh, mellow!
All right! There is something. I kinda had a dream, but I don't want to talk about it.
Oh, I know it... It is amazing these little things open doors... huh!
Well, yeah, it was a really nice thing and all, but it made you feel really good right?
Oh yeah, Smokey Joe here got half way to the highway and collapsed.
Yeah, I gotta go! I got an acting job. Like you'd believe that. This sucks!
He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego.
Hey! You guys! You're not gonna believe this! I just got off the phone with my agent...
Hmm that's weird. I don't remember being in a move called benefits lapsed.
Yeah, yeah, they must have jumped off the table, 'cause now they're gone!
Why would I want another apartment, huh? I've already got an apartment that I love.
Uhm... oh! Okay. You come with me, and you tell them that the house is haunted!
Like this. Pictures of cute babies we don't know. We..we can't have that.
I don't know. I might stay there for a few days while I look for an apartment.
Hey listen, so when's-when's my audition? I mean I know it's Thursday, but what time?
You know what the Celtics problem is? They let the players run the team.
He can still catch her! Come on, get out of there! Get out of there!
Oh, just er... you know, looking around. But you know what? This house... is great.
What you-don't hold it like that! You're lettin' all the good stuff fall out.
All right, relax, relax. Just relax, just relax. Be cool, be cool.
Oh, man, she loved it! She's over there showing Monica and Rachel right now.
Whoa! Is this porn? What did I do? I must've hit something on the remote.
Hey! You guys! Check it out, check it out! Guess which job I got.
Then I blame you! Yeah! That's right! You threw me off with all your slapping!
Whoa, wait, Pheebs, wait a second! Don't you wanna stay here and talk about it?
Uh, am I curious? I mean, I am as curious as... as... George!!
Yeah, yeah. The pay is pretty good and you could do it for as long as you need.
So anyway, I'm trying to get my boss's ex-wife to sleep with me. . .
"I just wanna go back to my cell. 'Cause in my cell, I can smoke."
So what? Being funny is Chandler's thing... You know, like Ross's thing is...
Dude, you're not even man enough to order the channel that carries the sport.
Please don't kick Monica and Rachel out, this wasn't there fault, it was mine.
These'll go great in my new place. You know, 'till I get real ones.
No! No, I quit a long time ago. Did I forget to you that one? I'm sorry.
This right here is where I keep the pizza. And uh that's where the napkin is.
I just wanna say that I'm sorry I referred to the vein as a seperate person...
No, I know, yeah I know we're great but Rach no... this... this can't happen!
Chandler... hey... Rach... what's Hugsy doin' in the crib with Emma?
Ooh-ooh, I! I am thankful for this beautiful fall we've been having.
You know it's funny you should mention that 'cause I was thinkin'... what's with the boxes?
Well, you must be new here. Why don't we get a table and I'll buy you a drink.
I'm outta here. Here's my credit card. Dinner's on me. I'm sorry, Chandler.
Yeah, I thought so too but, she said the casting people had some problems with me.
I mean naked game. Strip poker, we should totally play strip poker.
Yes that's the one about the soldiers who fight in World War I!
So! Things can go wrong! You don't know! What if he doesn't make it?!
Oh! Maybe it's because I'm on television. I'm an actor on Days of Our Lives.
I hate to admit it, but you're probably right. How did you get to be so smart?
No it isn't! No, it's not. Because you can also explain it with the truth!
I couldn't help it! When a fist comes at your face, you duck! Look!
Or maybe, it's because you're hanging around here at 11:30 on a Wednesday.
Hey! Handcuffs! And fur line, nice! I didn't know you guys had it in ya!
Half the taste is in the smell! You-you're sucking up all the tastiness!
Well, there is one way. His window's open, I say, we poke him.
Hey, why can't we use the same toothbrush, but we can use the same soap?
That, is not a cat! {I have to agree with Joey on this one.}
Thanks for everything Estelle. Bye. "out of area". Boy, I'll say.
Hey, this is a little extra somethin' for uh, ya know, always bein' there for me.
No, no. He said "When are you gonna grow up and start being a mom?"
Man, I got this close to him and Monica kneed me in the back. What's going on?
Fine! Have you ever got stuck in a pair of your own leather pants?!
Alright, you're on. I can take two minutes out of my day to kick your ass.
It's a name, yeah. I saw you, you know, in this great house with a big pool.
No, it's not. I mean you-you made me your best man and I totally let you down!
Yeah! I was thinking about maybe going upstairs and taking a little nap on my couch.
Hey! Don't you hang up on me! I'll marry you and me right now! I have the power!
That's great. Listen, wouldn't it be great though if I got to play Ben's dad?
When I'm with a woman, I need to know that I'm going out with more people than she is.
Well it's...It's not that crazy okay? Making them smaller, that would be crazy.
That's it, just hey. Like at the end of a dance, HEY! Hey. He-hey.
You know, I could like maybe... I could do a dramatic reading of one of her books!
Okay, well my girl from the other night was special. She was a scientist too!
Tell me about it, huh? Oh no-no-no, I'm not with her, she's just Monica! Ewwuck!
Phoebs look, if you want to know what the deal is, you're just gonna have to ask him.
Nothing, I'm just practicing blowing you off because I'm gonna be a big movie star!
Ooh, ooh, I know! We should pool all own money and buy the Knicks!
You know what? You are my friends, I wanna be supportive, I will come with you. SHOTGUN!
Well I tried, but people kept coming in and then you took your breast out!
Yeah! If you wanna sing at their wedding, well you sing at their wedding!
Come on Ross! Look, I-I don't have any brothers; I'll never get to be a best man!
All right that's it! You're yelling and I don't see you taking your top off! I quit!
Alright alright. You're a monkey. You're loose in the city. Where do you go?
Well, you know that guy that's on my show that's in a coma? He's havin' a brunch.
Monica, you have to do some damage control here, okay. 'Cause he's feeling like...
Uh Ross! Are there uh, are there naked chicks on that piece of paper?
Chandler, I didn't kiss her, he did! See what happens when you break the code?
Can you stop yellin'? You're makin' me nervous, and I can't go when I'm nervous.
Hey! I'm meeting Kathy in ten minutes! I've been looking all over for you!
Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's difficult doesn't mean that you quit.
Okay, but I don't see you asking any other paying customers to put on aprons.
That's great, but isn't it gonna bother that people still think you're a porn star?
Yeah-yeah. And the craziest thing is that I just ate a whole pizza by myself!
Anyway, I started working on what I'm going to say for the ceremony, do you wanna hear it?
Probably, yeah... I mean, maybe we should... hold off until we talk to Ross.
If the Homo Sapiens, were in fact 'Homo-sapien', is that why there extinct?
Come on! It'll be fun! Me, you, and Ross, and... Paul probably...
Pheebs! There you are! Okay, you broke my fridge; you owe me 400 bucks!
Wait a minute, did you just make up all that stuff just to get out of being my agent.
Well, it's good thing you got out when you did, before she blew up like that Vesuvius.
No, no, my mouth says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks!
You know what's crazy? These jars. What is it, like two bites in here?
All right, so we'll get a little coffee, and get energized, and we'll head back out.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make the right.
Huh? So whaddya think? Casa de Joey. Huh? I decorated it myself.
Well, anyway, I got to go change, I'm ah, meeting some of the cast for drinks.
Oh what, wait, wait a second, I mean, what are we doing? Who's going with who?
Err...Well I...Know how much you used to make and I know how much your rent is.
$200? Are you sure Pheebs? I mean, after what Sesame Street did to ya?
Hey, hey, look! It's not about a few fries... it's about what the fries represent.
Oh, it was a lot of fun right up until Chandler got a finger in the eye!
Oh, they gave it to me at the sleep clinic, and it's gonna help me not to snore.
Oh, ahh, go to the window. I'm wanna run down to the truck and show you something.
I AM NOT GONNA HELP YOU DO THAT! Goodbye!
I've been thinking. Y'know, about how I'm always seeing girls on top of girls...
Hey Ross listen Chandler got you out of going to the lesbian sandwich museum this weekend!
Ah, let me see! Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty?
Man that was great! Huh? Can you believe how long we threw that ball around?
Look, I can sense when women are depressed and vulnerable. It's one of my gifts.
Don't stop! Move the bowl further away! Ross could make that shot!
Hey, what is with the secrecy Phoebe? Huh? And what about this Denise, is she cute?
I don't want to talk about it. Y'know, you could've at least saved me a whole cookie.
Baby shower. Wow! That sounds sooo like something I don't want to do! Later!
Okay. Then I guess I have dry eyes and a scratchy throat for no reason.
Set another place for Thanksgiving. My entire family thinks I have VD.
I know we're not, but Frank Medeio and... Eva Trorro... womba...
Great story! But, I uh, I gotta go, I got a date with Andrea--Angela--Andrea... Oh man,
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! None of that, not while you're living under my roof!
Okay, okay, fine! Make jokes, I don't care! This is a big break for me!
Why? Why can't the world stop turning, just for a moment? Just for us?
Yeah well, I'm guessing after this she's not going to be crazy about electricity either.
You don't know how long we're gonna be in here! We may have to repopulate the Earth.
I'd say, come again. No-no, wait I-I-I know this one, I know this one, uh...
Okay, buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes, I'm wearing everything you own.
Now dad, you'll be in my room, Ronni uh, you can stay in Chandler's room.
She's my biggest fan. Yeah, she's the only one in the family that's believed in me.
Ok, let's start with the cons, 'cause they're more fun. All right, Rachel first.
You damn right I am, I've been waiting for a cookie for 7 minutes.
Yeah! I stayed at Kate's, but ah, nothing happened. Hey, Pheebs, where were ya?
Which helps him get to Phase Three, picturing yourself with other women.
wow, the parade is really good this year. Man those horses can crap.
Hey, if she were marrying a guy, she'd be like the worst lesbian ever.
Ah, y'know just in general people being gay, thing. I'm totally cool with that.
Hey guys, so I just called the Powerball hotline, can you believe it? Nobody won.
Relax. You're only at nine centimeters. And the baby's at zero station.
Hey and look he brought flowers. Thanks Ross, but I'm really more of a candy guy.
I know, I know..., but that's okay. I mean, we can control ourselves, we're not animals.
Oh no! No-no, keep reading! The good part's coming up. Keep going.
And I ate the food, I had the fish, it was good, yeah. It was good, yeah...
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa, I-I-Hey! I did not go out with your wife! Okay? I went out with her!
Well, that-that-that's it? You're gonna, you're gonna put it on your self or anything?
All right, all right, all right, all right, you wanna know what I do when I take resume shots?
No, no, no I need a good lie to explain why I wasn't at a work thing today.
Okay, everybody just keep smiling. It'll kill my grandmother if she finds out.
No-no, she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.
Yes it is perfectly good, and it is not one of the places the duck got sick!
I can't believe it. When you guys come back, you're gonna have a baby! That is so weird!
Chandler, Chandler, y'know what we should do? You and I should go out and get some new sunglasses.
We've only been going out for a couple of weeks, do you think I gotta get her something?
Oh I like this place. And technically, technically I'm not breaking any rules so I...
Oh, hi, I'm Joey. My stupid friends are buying this house. Who are you?
Well, maybe that's because you're closer to you. So you look bigger to you from where you are.
Because you waited too long to make your move, and now you're in the friend zone.
All right. Let's get the contestants out of their isolation booths. And they're off!
Oh, nothing, no. It's an acting exercise, I'm practising my fake laugh.
You do have a choice!! Ross, why are you listening to her?! Are you, are you crazy?!
Good, good yeah, maybe while we're there, they can check your reflexes. "Oops."
Yeah, you're right. Okay look, listen, let's talk about what a huge star I'm gonna be!
You're not gonna let me buy the Knicks?? I can't believe you're taking this away from me!
I mean come on you guys! My own TV show? I just don't know if I'm good enough.
Good, and hey! My treat. But that's only because you're not eating anything, right?
Yeah, I just... I just feel bad about firing Estelle. This is got to be killing her.
Ooh, it's probably a residual check, hey can you open it for me, I'm kinda....
I can't decide which route to take to Vegas. Hey, you've traveled a lot right?
No, we didn't even pay our cable bill-maybe this is how they punish us.
Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at all! See ya later!
Y'know, I'd walk back to London for another frosty one of those bad boys.
Well, I heard Emma stirring, so I came to make sure she could reach Hugsy.
Whoa, jam! I love jam! Hey, how come we never have jam at our place?
Look, it's not that easy. She said she wanted to marry me. I don't want to hurt her.
Wait a second, wait a second, where have I seen that cowgirl outfit before...
I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you.
Don't you see what this means?! I can forget about that stupid movie. I'm gonna be a millionaire!
It's a rented tux. Okay. I'm not gonna go commando in another man's fatigues.
Uh yeah, where-where's the guy who decides who's pictures go up on the wall?
All right, well maybe I'm enjoying it a little bit. I mean I'm getting pretty good at it.
CURIOUS GEORGE ! You know, the monkey, and the guy with the yellow hat!
I mean if-if you're thinking it's a woman's bag, it's not. It's a man's bag!
I know! I'm sorry! The guy's drunk, they won't let me go until we get this.
Road trip! Yeah, we can rent a car! I just have to be there by Tuesday!
Uh Rach, if you're gonna start another story, at least let me finish mine.
Look, I'll get new headshot taken, all right, so I want to get my eyebrows shaped.
What is he doing? What, Emily, thinks Ross's furniture has got Rachel coodies?
This company was not built on rough numbers. Am I right Mr. Douglas.
Don't you put words in people's mouths, you put turkey in people's mouths!
Yeah, yeah. Hey, they totally match! They look great! They look great! How you doing!
Y'know, when we talked about face to face, I don't think we thought it all the way through.
Boy, it was so hard not to laugh, I tell ya. Hey, hey, the place looks great!
Ross, you should know that my pants are startin' to come down and I'm not wearing any underwear!
I meant female nudity. Alright? I don't need to see Lou Grant frolicking.
Ya know, one of these times you're gonna really be naked and we're not gonna come over.
Oh! Oh-oh, you gotta pick Joey! I mean, name one famous person named Chandler.
Well that thing is clearing in the way! All right. Ah-ha! Ah-ah!! Damn fridge!
Well sure, you name a kid that, what do you expect them to grow up to be?
Ross! Ross! Ross, listen! Who are you kissing at midnight, huh? Rachel or Phoebe?
Me?! Oh come on, man! You can't do this! Come on! I'm your hand twin!!
Oh hey but, before you guys do that I need to talk to you, and Ross, I need to talk to you.
No-no-no! No-no wait Rach, you know what would even be more fun? Telling them.
Question. Was ah, 'Egg the Gellers!' the war cry of your neighbourhood?
Hey Rach, listen I was thinkin' uh, I'm gonna have an extra room over at my place...
Hey everybody! Uh, I'd like you to meet Janine. She's-she's gonna be my new roommate!
Well, Estelle tried, you know. The casting director told her that I missed my chance.
Aw, man I'm sorry . This must be very tough for ya, huh .
Nah, you're not tall enough to be a Mark, but you might make a good Barney.
I feel so stupid, you know? Why... why do I keep going after the wrong girls?
Okay, good, good, good, 'cause, good, 'cause I was kinda having second thoughts too.
Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. Dirk, this is my good friend Ross.
Err... I just figured it out! You know, I mean you're not working and the economy is bad.
Oh yeah. Well you can't fire Joseph. You know why, 'cause he's not in your department.
Oh no! How can she do that when she's never shown any interest in you?!?
That's the title! Yeah! Y'know they really lucked out that the initials spell cheese.
There was a ring, in a box, on my nightstand, after you left, it was gone!
Shh. He did it. He told her off, and not just about the kiss, about everything.
Uhh, look, your eye's still popping out a little, I'm gonna go get some ice.
Oh sorry, I hear divorce I immediately go to Ross. Who-who's Barry and Mindy?
That was a great scene! And-and-and that slap looks so real! How do you do that?
Who cares?! I-I'll make payments, whatever it takes, I want the Mr. Bowmont!!
Arg... Alright, I'll take care of it. Monica and Chandler come through the front door.
Man, she is going to have a great time! Is she staying at the Hotel Corona?
I-I-I don't know if this falls under this category, but uh, Ross is right back there.
No, no, no. My hugs are reserved for people STAYING IN AMERICA.
Oh, yeah, sure, easy for you, you're young. Me, I'm set in my ways.
Hey listen, why don't you come downstairs with me? There's some really nice girls down there.
Yeah, sure. Well, you must be new here. Maybe we should-I'm sorry, can I ask you something?
That's 'help' spelled backwards so that the helicopters can read it from the air!
Hey, can you close that window Chandler? My nipples can cut glass over here!
That's an idea! Hey, if I hired an assistant, would-would you take money from her?
"Heckles, you crack me up in science class. You're the funniest kid in school.
No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her body is soo...
Hey, if anybody gets extra tickets, it should be me! This all thing was my idea!
Because she uh, she-she thinks that you are blah and that you, Monica, are too loud.
Aww, I don't know Monica y'know... erm... lending friends money is always a mistake.
Hey Chandler! Y'know that girl you went to college with who-who became a movie director?
No, still too ethnic. My agent thinks I should have a name that's more neutral.
Ah, I'm gonna be one of his helpers. It's just such a slap in the face, y'know?
Well, you might wanna make a little extra, y'know you'll probably be hungry after the sex.
Hey, you guys! Take a look at this! Check this baby out, dug me a hole!
Ohhh. Ahh! What are you doing?! I thought you were gonna take her back to the store today.
Allright, fine, I only have one thought! It's about the hot nanny, I gotta see her!
Oh-oh! So that's the way it's gonna be huh? Yeah I can break the rules too y'know!
Oh-oh, hey-hey, Kate! Listen I want you to meet everybody. Everybody, this is Kate.
C'mon, you guys. This is a real movie, and Al Pacino's in it, and that's big!
Relax Ross, we'll be ready. It only takes us two minutes to get dressed.
Hey, I don't need violence to enjoy a movie. Just so long as there's a little nudity.
Well, is it, like, a little annoying, or is it like when Phoebe chews her hair?
'Cause he has a strong suspicion that you dropped the ball on the Lender project.
Uhhh.. y'know what? Forget about me. Let's, uh... let's give you another turn.
Okay, here! I wanna be the on camera guy. All right, first stop, Westminster Abbey.
Sure I can, standard shotgun rules, I'm sight of the room and I called it.
Listen, I ah, I know it's a longshot. But, by any chance did she find that funny?
Sure you do, it was a gift from me. Oh! And you have these three great kids.
Well, he's too shy, he doesn't thing he's good enough to dance with girls yet.
Aww, Rach, I think you look cute And you, uh, you, you I could eat with a spoon .
Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
Well, I'm doing this telethon thing on TV and my agent got me a job as co-host!
Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna be, but... I made it work.
Hey-hey come on you guys, give him a break. Ross, seriously, how's it going with her?
She sure does. Why does she have a pink bow taped to her head?
I know. When the monkey hits him in the face with that giant rubber phone.
I dont know. I like her, you know. Shes different. Theres uh, somethin about her.
No, Rach, I should've told you sooner. It's just that...Man! That kid is going to town!
Street noise drowned any of that out? No, all right, I see you later, okay...
Come on, we were great together. And not just at the fun stuff, but like, talking too.
Well all right then, I guess I shouldn't get to excited about the fact that I just kissed her!
Ok, Ross! It's... It's fun, yeah! No, I-I play Doctor Drake Ramoray.
To her parent's I think and she said you shouldn't call her. But if I were you I would.
Oh yeah? If you're gonna make me choose between you and the hat? I choose the hat.
Hey I liked her, alright. Maybe, maybe too much. I don't know I guess I just got scared.
I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find...
Yep! Looks like it's gonna be a leeeeean Christmas at the Dragon house this year.
Whoa-whoa, don't we need to do some kinda preparation first? Like ahh, get really drunk?
No! No! I can't! You gotta get me out of it! I've got plans! Important plans!
Oh my God! How many of these things did you have? These are pure vodka.
All right. Don't look at my list, Ross, 'cause there's a lot on there that you don't have.
Look Rach, wasn't this supposed to a temporary thing? I thought you wanted to do fashion stuff?
Yes, it's in my... In...in my pocket. My back pocket! My back pocket!
Hey Gunther, don't let that guy in here anymore! He just said Phoebe's a porn star!
Well, I can't use these forever. I mean, let's face it, they're no friend to the environment.
Hey! Tall guy! Hey, listen, I wanted to talk to you about that girl that you're dancing with.
Hey-hey dude, why are you changing the subject? Why? Will you make the call or what?
Y'know what? I don't need this! Okay? I don't know why you're dumping all over my big break.
Wait a second, I see what you're trying to do here! You-you're trying to give me money again!
Thanks man, but I think it makes a stronger statement if I ask for it myself, y'know.
Hey, you don't even live here anymore! What are you doing answering my phone? I have my machine!
Okay, it's a typical New York City apartment. Two girls are just hanging out.
Ohh. Hey, remember when I ran into this thing and it kinda knocked me out a little?
Oh that's right. There's a lot going on here and I think I ate some bad fruit earlier.
No. No. No. She lives on the third floor, eighth apartment from the left.
Well uh, she didn't want to hang out with you guys two nights in a row. I'm so sorry.
Hi uh, I'm Joey Tribbiani and with all do respect I'd like to donate some fluids.
Oh, we're supposed to just get him a ticket?! That guy is always mooching off of us!
Boy I tell ya, this little talent came in handy before I could afford porn.
Yeah, the ah, trees that don't fulfil their Christmas destiny are thrown in the chipper.
Take it easy. If it means that much to you, I'll uh, I'll go find something else.
Hey, look, since we're neighbors and all, what do you say we uh, get together for a drink?
Thanks! I've been working out. Hey listen, is it obvious that I'm wearing six sweaters?
All right! I'll try! But if I can't, you can stay with Chandler and I until you get settled.
No! Hey no! This is wrong you guys! Phoebe's our friend! Well, I'm not gonna watch it!
Yeah, yeah. I've got tons of stuff I could do. I'm gonna hit the beach, go swimming...
Yeah! And hey, thanks for coming with me. And thanks again for helping me take a shower.
The Celtics? Ha. They couldn't hit a boat if...wait. They suck, alright?
Well, you're way sounds a lot better than mine. Yeah. Yeah! It's not that I'm a bad actor...
That's how they do pants! Ross, will you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
I know. And she's so sweet. I just wanna feed her grapes and brush her hair.
Chandler? Forty-five minutes? Well, something is not right. I just can't believe he would do this to Monica!
Hey-hey, check it out! Check it out! Ugly Naked Guy has a naked friend!
Well, I'm starting to make good money on the show and I'm thinking... I should probably do something with it.
Why would you need to say hi to them, you've been feeding them for four days?
Oh well, the little girl who lives here made me feel a lot better about the whole thing.
my god woman! How many people do you have to had been with not to remember any of this?
Oh, hey listen! The Soapie's called today and I also get to present an award.
oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours.
No-no-no-no-no, it's-it's uh, you just uh, uh reminded me that uh, I need to do my stretches too.
So that's why I feed my dog Purina One! Pick up a bag today!
Uh-huh. This and a bunch of bubble wrap. And, some of it is not even popped!
Yeah, yeah, and the Indians taught the Pilgrims what it meant to be hot in the new world!
How could you do this to me Chandler?! This part could've turned my whole career around!
Yeah, it must've fallen out a few blocks back. I just figured we hit a dog.
Ok, let me stop you right there. The Mets suck, ok? You wanna see the Yankees.
Oh, it's easy. Yeah, I-I can do it with anything. Watch uh, Grandma's chicken salad...
Oh, calm down! She means on the show! We need some new extras around here!
No. No, I just uh, I just loved the way it feels when everybody thinks I own a Porsche.
Oh hey uh, be careful with that 3-D last supper, Judas is a little loose.
Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say, "Hey, how you doin'?"
Hey, it's me. Listen Casey and I were on our way back and had a little car trouble.
Oh, I-I think I'm gonna stick with the V, I wanna see how this bad boy turns out.
He's right, man. Please. Move on. Go to China. Eat Chinese food.
Hey, y'know what? I'll come too. I'm making money now; it's about time I give something back.
Oh well, you're timing couldn't be better. I am putting out fires all over the place.
Yeah. And speaking of volcanoes, man are they a violent igneous rock formation.
Um, sure! Did you, uh, did you try turning the knob back the other way?
oh and you know what you should bring the black see-through teddy with the attached garters.
Well... I'm helping out down at the N.Y.U. Med School with some... research.
Oh Monica. Wow, this guy's an astronaut. That would've been cool, for like a day. .
What about Ross? I mean, are you still mad at him cause he made that list about you?
Okay, Ross, look-look-look-look, look right here. That's called a scrum, okay? It's kinda like a huddle.
Toutes la smore! Bu blu-ay bloo blah ooh! Pfoof!
Look, I'm telling you if I put my hand on my stomach right here it doesn't hurt that bad.
OK so I'm out four thousand dollars and nobody's boobs are getting any bigger?
Oh, have either one of you guys ever been to the Rainbow Room? Is it real expensive?
Pizza, heh, its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.
Okay, so-so which route should I take the northern route or the southern route?
Hey-hey, you're startin' to sound like the butcher's wife there in-in chapter seven.
Yeah, and I met this really hot single mom at the store. What's an elf to do?
Yeah! Allright! Hey, hey Ross. Check it out! Sandy taught me Hot-cross Buns.
But no, it's not close. You said it was in escrow? I couldn't even find it on the map.
You're fine, ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people!
But this is a two line part, it's like takin' a step backwards. I'm not gonna do this.
They uh director. Uhh, her. All right, all right, it's not a gladiator movie. I work here.
How could I not get the part? The play was about a 29-year-old Italian actor from Queens.
Okay, the ring fell on the floor and I went down to pick it up and you thought I was proposing.
Okay, I wanted to surprise you, but for your house-warming gift, I got you a baby-chick and a baby-duck!
Oh yeah? If I can't, I'll knock five bucks off the price off the unit.
So y'know Ross it's funny 'cause, you look familiar to me too. Have you ever been married?
You know what, you guys? It's their first time, why don't we just forget about the money, alright?
Back when you and Rachel were together, if Chandler had kissed her, would you hear him out?
Uh... Look Rach... Hey Ross is here! Hey look! It's my good friend Ross. Hey Ross.
Wow! You look... ... stop-eating hot! Which is like the highest level of hotness!
Oh, hey, Chandler, we, ah, we stopped by the coffee shop and ran into Ross.
Oh, y'know what? Since I'm here, I think I'm gonna have me a little beer on the port side.
You guys got anything to eat? I just went down to Johnos for some chicken and it was closed!
Oh, come on! I wanna hear it! It wouldn't be Thanksgiving without Chandler bumming us out!
Well you-you-you-you might say congratulations! I saw the board! I went to the audition! I got the part!!
I mean, the giant is like five years younger than me, y'know, you think I'll ever get there?
Hey man, look sorry about that Archie thing. Do uh, do you need me to give you some money?
But just think, ok? What if everything goes right? What if this woman does pick you guys?
Phoebe, could you do me a favour? Could you try this on? I just wanna make sure it fits.
Hey, that woman's got an ass like Carol's! What? Thought we were trying to find stuff.
Oh, you know what you should do? You should walk all the way at the top of Statue of Liberty.
I did not know that! Thank you Monica. I can't believe I almost lost another girl because of counting.
Of course! Only an idiot would wear this stuff if you didn't have the car! Right?
I hate my friends. Alright, look. There's gotta be a way that we can stop this from happening.
Uhh, my stunt double. Yeah, and y'know, he's getting a little too familiar for my tastes.
That's it? You're-you're gonna let me do this?! This-this is my career we're talking about here!
Oh, uh, ok. Right this way. All the other pregnant women seem to be goin' in here.
Wow! Well, my folks really liked it! So what-what did you guys think? It wasn't that good.
Man, hell of a two weeks, huh? Y'know what, though? I really feel like I learned something.
Listen, you know how uh, when you're wearing pants and you lean forward I check out your underwear?
Look it's not that bad. So what, it blocks a little of your door, a little of my door.
Uh, Entertainment Tonight. Yeah, okay so, good talking to ya and don't come out here. All right.
Whoa! Whoa! Guys! Please! Come on! Come on! This is obviously just a big misunderstanding.
Uh, yeah, okay. Except I sorta felt like I needed a couple of seconds to get ready.
Wow, what a cool job. 'You have two new messages.' 'Please, pass the pie.'
Come on, Chandler, I want this part soo much. Just one kiss, I won't tell anyone.
Well, we were! But Ross was talking so loud on his phone they threw us out!
Well I guess I should've thought about my wife and kids before I talked back to chef Geller!
I'm sorry Pheebs, I just, y'know, I just wanted to do a good deed. Like-like you did with the babies.
Hey! You're here! Great! Great! Great! Let's get going buddy, we've got a scene to shoot!
Look, the point is, there's a lot of women out there you haven't even had sex with yet!
Hey Ross, wouldn't it be great if we could go two straight hours without dropping it?!
Hey, everybody lies on their resume, okay. I wasn't one of the Zoom Kids either.
Wow! That didn't take long. I thought you said Tulsa was, like a three hour flight.
OK, uh.... listen, there's something I want to talk to you about. The network casting lady...
How could this happen to me?! Yesterday I had two TV shows! Today, I got nothin'!
Yeah, yeah, and then Adrian, she maybe she could wrap her legs around his waist.
Yeah-yeah, I told her about the time you got drunk and fell asleep with your head in the toilet.
You can't make crotchless panties? You take, you take a pair of scissors and you just cut...
You can totally tell! Here look, watch me. Smile! Frown. Smile! Frown. Smile!
Name? I know Ross but what's it short for? You know like, like Rossel or Rosstepher.
Yeah, that's because we had a bit of a falling out. Mike hit my mom with a car.
Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE TIME!
Okay, now. I gotta tell you, being on TV isn't as glamorous and exciting as you think.
I know, I know! But I've thought about it a lot since, and it just wouldn't be right... I'm sorry...!
Come on Rach! No one saw me take it! There was a whole table full of 'em.
Ugh. Now if a cow should die of natural causes, I can have one of those right?
You know, on the one hand you're happy for them, but on the other hand it's hard to let go.
No, I-I-I wasn't making fun of you, honestly, I-I think you were great in those commercials.
Yeah, you're gonna go up to her and say, "Here's your egg back, I'm returning your egg."
Well anyway, the guy they wanted backed out and now they want me! I start shooting today!
Hey! Well I hope it goes better than the last time you did it for that girl downstairs, remember?
A little more, a little more. A little more... All right. Okay, all right, let's do this.
Now he's movin'? Man, what is Emily doing to him? Ow!! He's not even here!!!
Ohh, hey! Why don't you book a date for both of you at one of those romantic spas?
Clear the tracks for the boobie payback express. Next stop: Rachel Green.
Okay, what if the puppy said, "Help me Chandler. All the other puppies pick on me."
Yeah, that was a disappointment... Oh, hey!D'you want to come down to the set and tell me if I'm doing ok?
Well check it out, I was with this really hot girl who just moved in right across the street!
I am telling you Ross, she is definitely gonna fall in love with you again! Now, is that what you want?
No! No! I-I can do it one more time! See? Look! Hmm, noodle soup. Damnit!
Yeah, she's been out there for twenty minutes, I'm surprised you didn't hear her on the way over.
Oh! Hey, somebody left their keys. Ooohh, to a Porsche! Hey Gunther, these yours?
Okay, look I'm sorry, I went in there to take a nap and I know I shouldn't have, but you got porn!
Yeah! Yeah sure, just long as it's handled tastefully and that barn is not too cold.
It's just that, I, I'm gonna miss Joseph. I liked him. His wife, she was hot.
Well, I don't know. I don't know what we're gonna be doin'. I mean, what if we're at her folks' place?
Alright now listen, you guys, we talked about it, and if you don't want to play, we completely understand.
Hey, you guys! Look what I found in the giiiiiiift shop. Get up! Get up! Get up!
Ooh, I was gonna say bologna, but that's much better. How about a little of that smoked turkey?
Of course it's true! How else would you explain all the weird stuff that's been going on?
Ah, it's career stuff. I don't know if you heard but they killed off my character on the show.
No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to hand-write it.
Man, it must be so cool remembering stuff like that! I don't have any past life memories.
Whoa!! Now look, don't be just blurtin' stuff out. I want you to really think about your answers. Okay?
Look, Ross, I feel really bad. I mean, you're going through all this stuff and I just acted like a jerk.
Oh wow! He's so lifelike! Unbelievable! (He starts tugging on the guy's ears.
I don't know, you see somethin', you hear a word, I thought that's what it was. Let me see it again.
Hey, I do it every week with three cameras pointed at me and a whole crew waiting!
No. No, I'm Joey Tribbiani; we did a scene together yesterday. I-I'm the guy in the coma!
Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you?
Sure! As long as they don't find out you can keep whatever you want! And I want you to have it.
Yeah, at Macy's. You were the Obsession girl, right? I was the Aramis guy. Aramis? Aramis?
Can I come?! I won't even talk! You'll just hear the noise from my video camera.
'Cause it's always somethin', you know, like Monica's new job, or the whole Ross's birthday hoopla.
Oh, ha-ha-ha! Ooh! Wait a minute, I used to get medical experiments down on me all the time!
Nooo. No, no, ah, are you sure it wasn't something that sounded like Ginger, like ah, Gingeer?
Pheebs, you can't do that. The casting director doesn't talk to friends, she only talks to agents.
Okay uh, look I know you're a great actor, okay? And you play all those Shakespeare guys and stuff...
Well, I'm keeping so many things to myself these days, something was bound to slip out!
Hey guys! I was at the library all morning and I already finished my five pages for today!
Somehow they got the idea that you only invited them because of me. They...feel a little unwanted.
NO! No-no-no-no-no-no! Hey! Hey, we'll be fine! Li... hey, like you said: no big deal!
I don't know. We're talking about whipped fish, Monica. I'm just happy I'm keeping it down, y'know?
Yes, I am. As of today, I am officially Joey Tribbiani, actor slash model.
Yeah, I like that. But no-no, how does that explain why Rachel found my underwear at your place?
Oh, you guys, with this joke. I gotta say, I know I cracked up, but I'm not even sure I got it.
Now go! 'Cause you can still catch her! And Merry Christmas from you're secret Santa!
Well, the brown one brings out your eyes, but your butt looks great in the blue one.
Yeah. Hey, I hope Ross didn't think that we just went in there because we were uncomfortable being out here!
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What about you, having those babies for your brother? Talk about selfish!
Hey, this girl won't turn around and I can't tell whether she's hot or not, what do you think?
I have an audition, but I'll definitely hook up with you later. Where are you gonna be around noon?
So what, like people are gonna come in and think, "Uh-oh, I'm outside again?" Of course!
How many times do I have to tell you! Ya, turn and sliiiide! Y'know, turn and slide.
Yeah, Erica went into labor last night. Monica and Chandler are at the hospital right now!
I know, I know. And when they moved back in together, I figured y'know, that's where things were headed.
But I was Dr. Drake Remoray. How can I go from bein' a neurosurgeon to drivin' a cab?
Hey, Monica, the knob was broken so I just turned it off from underneath, I hope that's alright.
Yeah, calm down. You don't see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every time they come.
Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going commando...
Not as upset as he's gonna be when he finds out what I did with his sweater vests!
Oh my God! He's trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! Chandler, listen.
Okay. Okay, I totally hear ya. Oo how about this? I vamp a little 'til they get there?
Oh yeah! Amy just burned Jo's manuscript. I don't see how he could ever forgive her.
Oh yeah. If you ah, move your hamper, you see what color the tile used to be. Yeah.
Oh, oh! Any chance any of this happened in a "Galaxy far, far away"? .
No, no no no no. See. Each woman is different.You have to appreciate their uniqueness.
No! No... and, for the record, I've also never given her a frosting from a can!
Saw the Porsche out there Mon, lookin' good. When do I get to take that baby out again?
Hey, you know what? Don't worry, Pheebs! It usually takes me three takes too! Alright, eight.
Yeah, there's just one thing that might be kind've a problem. See, I, uh, had to kiss this guy.
Did you tell the guy you wanted to have sex with his wife and then fall right out of your chair?
All right. Okay. Well this is the same kind of deal. If you're going to do something wrong, do it right!
That's what that was?! 'Cause that other thing? I thought you were on to something, but it did nothing for me.
No! She had the ring on, she seemed so excited, and then she took her breast out.
Well how about this one? Testing the effects of Joey Tribbiani on attractive nurse receptionists.
Hey, wouldn't be cool if our duck and chick had a little baby? We could call it Chuck.
Whoever has the biggest boobs, has the biggest bra, therefore has the biggest wire.
Hey, Rach? Sorry to interrupt but umm, Phoebe wanted me to talk to you about a trip or something.
Hey! Chef Geller! Y'know that little speech you made the other day? Well I got a problem with it!
Yeah, and she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.
Yeah. I am sorry he's not here too, but I got to say, I am really enjoying Nacho Chair.
Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake.
Hey, who wants to ah, throw the ball around a little, maybe get a little three on three going?
That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight.
Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best.
I'm fine with it, I mean, if you're OK watching a video filled with two nippled people.
Noooo, that's what I was wearing when I donated. I'm kinda surprised there's any of my boys left.
It made you feel good, so that makes it selfish. Look, there's no unselfish good deeds, sorry.
Will you grow up? I'm not talking about sexy stuff, but, like, when I'm cooking naked.
Okay, pick a card, any card. All right, now memorize it. Show to everybody. Got it?
No-no hey buddy, please let me dance with that girl, I really like her and I think I have a shot.
Look, you guys have been to every play I've ever been in, have I ever had chemistry on stage?
seriously Gunther you should see someone about that cold, if it gets much worse you could DIE!
No! Because he didn't believe in my movie! Which is a big mistake because it is real! Real!
Well I don't know remember exactly but, it's-it's pretty much about having and giving and sharing and receiving.
No! No! No! No! No! How you doin'?! How you doin'-Damnit Carl! Go wait in the hall!
Well, it's not a part, no. I'm teaching acting for soap operas down at the Learning Extension.
I like that! Oh, okay! Show him your bra! He's afraid of bras! Can't work 'em!
Ok ok ok ok. Monica, we'll bring him, but only if he takes the Jaguar.
Oh don't listen to him, he's just some guy who really wants the apartment, but I don't think he's gonna get it.
Okay look, Chandler, if this you have got to listen! You're gonna throw that juice at me, aren't ya?
Ok, I got one, I got one. Uh, if he blows into one, does the other one get bigger?
Well uh, I don't know about who's here, but I can tell you for damn sure who's not here and that's Rachel!!
Uh, hey, Dr. Greene, why don't you come with me, we'll put your jacket on Rachel's bed.
Wh? Monday, one day. Tuesday, two day. Wednesday, when huh what? Thurs- Oh!
We want you to be happy. And I may only have a couple beers in me, but... I love you, man.
Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's eyebrows are actually on his hat?
Listen also we're uh, we're watching the game here Saturday night, if people want to come over.
Great. Then you'll be able to spend more quality time with your real friends, the spoons.
What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor you'd buy some kind of e-crap from?
Well uh, look Ross I uh, I think Carol's great and I'm sure you're a very attractive man, but I....
I don't know uhh... Well, I'm Joey. Yeah, I'm disgusting, I take my underwear off in other people's homes.
Hey, I'm not that fond of you either, ok buddy? But I'm just trying to be nice for the kids!
Rachel... let's be clear on this, ok? I do not love Hugsy. I like him a normal amount...
Well, it looks like it wasn't heeled after all! Yeah! So, I guess this chair is mine now!
Look listen, that TV movie I went in for? Did you hear anything? I think I got a shot at it.
See? That's a great smile! Easy. Natural. Now, pretend I have a camera. You're changing it!
Hey, I only got one good arm, you know. You should be doing stuff for me. Go get me a sweater.
Ross, let me ask you a question. She got the furniture, the stereo, the good TV- what did you get?
Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges.
It's okay, Ross, alright? I totally understand. Of course you're not fine. You're.. You're Ross and Rachel.
Okay. "It's a typical New York City apartment. Two guys are hanging out." Ross
Exactly! All right, everybody, listen up. The coffeehouse is going to be closed for about an hour.
Oh, no, that's okay, I don't need your help. I worked on it myself and I gotta say, I am pretty good!
Wow, hey, we'd better get going. If we don't leave right now, we'll be late for dinner.
Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her.
Hey and everbody is so nice. I just had a good talk with that lady with the red hair, Jeannie.
Yeah, we set up a court in your room. Uh, you didn't really like that grey lamp, did you?
Where's Chandler? I wanna wish him good luck on his first day. ... and I smelled bacon.
Why God?!! Why?!! We had a deal!! Let the others grow old! Not me!!
See, I actually can pour milk, but I got you believing that I couldn't. Now, see, that's acting.
Yeah, you'd think I'd give up being a minister and start paying to ride the subway? Huhuh...
I hate Pottery Barn too. They kicked me out of there just because I sat on a bed!
yeah and hey thanks again for letting me having that last piece of cake at the restaurant.
This is what I've got going for the party so far, liquor wise. Get a lot of liquor.
Yeah, are you just going down there to gawk at that hot girl with the belly button ring again?
Yeah well next thing you know, he'll be telling you that your high heels are good for his posture!
All right, well, we felt really bad about that so we decided we should all take a little trip together!
Everything is gonna be fine. Just follow my lead, okay? All you have to do is pretend to be Mike.
Okay, Ross, I realise that you didn't expect to walk in and see that, but.. Let me explain, okay?
No I just uh, thought you liked your eggs with the bread with the hole in the middle, a-la me.
I don't know whether it's just 'cause we're breakin' up or... what, but you have never looked so beautiful.
Oh there is! If you want something enough and your heart is pure, wondrous things can happen!
Alright, well next time you take a shower, think about the last thing I wash and the first thing you wash.
Oh yeah. Hey! Should we give these shirts to the girls? Y'know, kinda like a peace offering.
Oh, well. Just ask her how long she's gonna live. Women live longer than men.
It's been a while, huh? Wow, it's funny these halls look smaller then they used to.
But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we're getting rid of her.
Hey Ross. This probably isn't the best time to bring it up, but you have to throw a party for Monica.
Seriously, good game though. Good game. What are they so mad about? They get the apartment back!
Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?
Cut it out Ross! I hate to have to save your life and kick your ass in the same day!
Look we've got to find her. Phoebe just called!! Rachel's coming to tell Ross she loves him!!
How come you don't live with Mommy? How come Mommy lives with that other lady? What's a lesbian?
All right I'll talk in code. Remember when the kid sees those two blanks in the hallway?
Girls say it to me all the time! And believe me, if she's anything like me, she's just gonna be relieved.
All right, and over there is Brady's Pub where I like to unwind after a long day of surgeoning.
Well, I was Dr. Drake Remoray, Stryker's twin brother. I mean, who looks more me than me right?
So, Ross and Rachel got married, Monica and Chandler almost got married, do you think you and I should hook up?
They let you get married when you're drunk! Most people who get married in Vegas are drunk!
Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a meal! Yeah, my pants are a little loose!
From now on, it's gonna be Joey and Ross, best friends. Okay! We're gonna be the new Joey and Chandler.
That's way uptown! That's like three trains away! Which is great! I love to ride that rail!
Yeah that's not such a bad situation they got going over there. I'm thinking of getting me one of those.
You've got to pick a pocket or two. Boyyyyssss, you've got to pick a pocket or two..........
I fall down an elevator shaft? What the hell does this mean, I fall down an elevator shaft?
Alright, I can make my peace with the clean dry towels...Also what is with these chips you bought?
All right, put your 20 bucks down. First one to find the tasty treat wins. Okay?
Thank you! Alright, let me see how I'm gonna start... "Dear baby adoption decider people..."
Well, there were a couple of calls last night, but ah, I don't think any of them are gonna work out.
Okay. I went down to the 'Mattress King' showroom and, and I saw Janice, kissing her ex-husband.
Well, before, with the wishbone... I didn't wish we would win the lottery, I wished you'd get the job.
Come on you guys, come on please-please just give her another chance, huh? She'll come around I promise.
Interesting. all right I'll go out with her again and try to get past it OH SALT BLOATY!
I know. chandler: Now we can finally watch Green Acres the way it was meant to be seen.
No-no, no! We have to move the table into my room, yeah! 'Cause of all the boxes. Come on!
Look, when everyone eats that...that...Banana-Meat thing, they're all gonna' make fun of her, do you want that?
Pheebs, if this guy keeps closing down all of our favorite places, where are we gonna eat?!
Huh, Rach I got to say it's gonna take a lot of money for me to go out on a date with a dude.
All the way to the airport huh? You know that's over 30 miles, that's gonna cost you about so bucks.
Oh, yeah?! Then how come I keep thinking about her in all these sexual scenarios and stuff huh?!
Oh well listen, anyway she's directing the new Al Pacino movie. You gotta get me an audition!
Hey, I was pretty close. Uhh, so bad news. Umm, I can't buy the boat, I don't have any money.
Rach, I gotta say...if you weren't here wondering if these guys were gay I don't know if I could do this!
Ross! Ross! If you're going to the airport, could you pick me up another one of those Toblerone bars?
Wait-wait-wait-wait! Come on! Come on, let's trade! The timing's perfect, I just clogged the toilet!
Ok! All right, well... I'm gonna see if I can get a room for the night and I'll... I'll see you later!
Ten, ten.., nine, nine, nine...., eight, eight, eight... Okay, Blast off!
How are ya? How are ya? Where are your babysitters, huh? Why's the bedroom door closed?
Ross-Ross-Ross-Ross! Stay away from that guy , and that guy . And that one-Dude! They're all huge!
Hey, Chandler, when you see Frankie, tell him Joey Tribbiani says hello. He'll know what it means.
Yeah. Maybe Michael Jordon will dive for the ball and break my jaw with his knee.
I don't know Ross, not if you're gonna talk about how you gave up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist.
Me too. Yeah, this place is great. I'm so happy for you guys. Although, you know, I hope you like fungus.
I can't write! Y'know I mean I-I-I'm an actor, I don't have the discipline that takes, y'know? I can't do it.
I don't want to drive all the way back by myself, I get so lonely. Oh-ooh! How about you come with me?
I want you to like her! But if that's too damned difficult for you, then the least you can do is pretend.
You know, ah, I've been thinking about this and I gotta tell ya, it's not my fault. It's a natural instinct.
Wait a minute. That sounds a little familiar! Did they already do that one? 'Cause I think I read it!
Well, they wanna see me again this afternoon, but, err, well, Lennart Haze did not like me.
I know, yeah. I feel like we're all growing up. Person named Wiener, God that kills me.
Oh, tell me about it. And she's been on the show forever, it's gonna be really hard to fill her shoes.
Why not? You'll feel better! I'll feel better, and you know you want to. I can see it in your eyes.
Look Phoebe I'm so sorry! Hey, look, if you don't like this guy I can find you a better one. Mike!! Mike!!
Y'know Terry, I-I don't really need to do this. I got my own cable TV series, with a robot.
No, no, you can't, you can't, okay, you can't, you can't buy her pearls, you just can't, you can't, you can't.
All right relax, look I'll pay you with the money from the acting job I am definitely gonna get thanks to you.
Why did I have to say Mike? I don't know a Mike! Why couldn't I have said... There's no guy in there!
I'm mad at you for leaving! You're nothing but a big leaver. Big leaver with a stupid suitcase.
Oh, c'mon, I mean, there's you, then there's Charlie, and it's like... What the hell is my problem? OH!
Hey well, you can't teach someone to be good with women. Y'know, that's why I never had any luck with Chandler.
Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didn't want to say anything 'cause I didn't want to jinx it.
It's like my favorite fairy tale come true! The princess, the stable boy and the lesbian!
Hey, imagine if I never got fired off Days Of Our Lives! Oh-hey, there's Carol again!
Yes, but in Drake Remoray's body. Why is this so hard for you to get? I thought you were a scientist!
Well it hit me anyway! And it would've hurt a lot less if I had finished that last beer.
Listen, the next time you talk to him, can you ask him which one the strongest Power Ranger is?
Hey Ross, listen, you know that right now, your baby's only this big? This is your baby. Hi Daddy!
If you go to a hotel you'll be...doing stuff. I want you right here where I can keep an eye on you.
Oh yeah, dude, I totally understand. Usually after I have a baby with a woman I like to slow things down!
Oh, I'd love too, but I got acting class. But y'know what? I guess I can blow that off, for you.
Oh well, hey, Joey's loveable too! But the thing about Joey is, if you need him, he'll be there.
I'm saying that... . This isn't working for me anymore, ok? Estelle, you're fired. Goodbye. .
Uhh, Ms. Phalange, may I ask you a question as an impartial person at-at this table?
I dunno, I loved high school. Y'know? It was just four years of parties and dating and sex.
All right. All right. Then, maybe you won't mind if me and my friend take a look around, huh? Bwa-ah-ah!
Wha? Wha..aa? Let me get the father. Hey, we need a father over here! We need a father!
Hey-hey dancer girl! Can I go to the bathroom? I just.. Here we go. Looking good Gellers!
Hey Pheebs! Listen, this wooden box keeps sliding out from under the seat. What-what is it?
All right, uh... Oh hey, you've done this before Ross, well what did you say when you made up your vows?
We good? Yeah? Good? Once again, I pronounce you husband and wife. Now kiss her again.
Look, I don't have it all worked out yet, but it's gotta mean big money! Come on! Identical hands!
There's my scene, there's my scene. "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's neurosurgeon.
Hey babies! Oh, I'm having the best morning. That uh, that Porsche I've got the keys too, still there!
All right, all right, all right. I mean I'll have to check with him first, but I'll think he'll be cool with it.
Ok, you're gonna come back with some very classy clothes... ... and some slutty lingerie, SLUTTY!
I don't know. But hey, I know we can decide. Okay, I'm gonna ask you questions and you answer real quick. Okay?
I dunno, I've been standing here spelling it out for you! I don't hear anything. Oh, wait, wait, wait.
I got this pair marked excess, I gotta tell ya, there was no room for excess anything in there.
No, as part of the audition. See, I'm up for this part of this guy, who the main guy kisses.
I thought we talked about this. I don't like pulp. No pulp. Pulp isn't juice. All juice, okay?
Hey! Y'know how we ah, save all those chopsticks for no reason we get when we get Chinese food?
Why not? Come on! Just, just close your eyes and tell me what you'd like to be doing right now.
Days Of Our Lives. Anyway, you're not gonna believe it! My character is coming out of his coma!!
Look, Chandler I don't think us getting our asses kicked is a solution. Okay? Just go and find Monica!
Ross and Rachel left us a message saying they were getting married! Isn't that why you guys are here?
Well, she and I said from the beginning that we weren't gonna do anything unless you were okay with it. And clearly..
Ross and I were helping the girls pack, took a little break, I lost $1,500 to him in Cups!
Well, that is a large piece of television equipment. And uh that is an old man! Hey old man!
He's right, cause if you're just gonna, like, break his heart, that's the kind of thing that can wait.
Yeah, I want my tickets too ! And I'm buying the Knicks! And Steffi Graff, ah ah!
Hey, hey, hey, you're lucky I caught them when I did, or else who knows what woulda happened.
Yeah, come on, think about it. You're 18, okay, she's 44, when you're 36, she's gonna be 88.
Yeah, my neighbor... Yeah, the brunette... She says you looked very pretty the other day in the green dress.
No, no, no! It's real! And it has been since 1998. Hey Rach! Rach! I'm up for a Soapie!
Thanks. Yeah, I figure if I wear these in my scenes at least I won't get spit in the eyes, y'know?
No way! Mr.Salty is a sailor, all right, he's got to be, like, thetoughest snack there is.
A TV as if it appears from nowhere! That's the dream! Man, how did you afford this stuff?
Well, you should've told me that before, I'm not a mind reader. Hey, we're out of beer. I'm going to Monica's.
Aww that's nice. Family should be there, huh? This is her wedding, happiest day of her life.
Yeah, and oh she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.
Likewise. Uh, I'll take that. It's what I came for. So, this is new. Where'd you two meet?
She was all crying. She-she said you guys want different things, and that and that she needed time to think.
Hey, hey, hey, hey! I'm not gonna mess with Jack, he's a great man, he fought for our country.
No, but if you're willing to cook naked, then you might be willing to dance naked. And then...
Well, that's gonna be tough Mon. I mean it's hard for me to be around an attractive woman and not flirt.
Then she came back with "The question is, when are you gonna grow up and realise I have a bomb?"
No-no-no-no-no, I saw an ad for this video, people climb that thing everyday! We could totally do that!
Ah, just one thing umm, is it all right with you if I, if I scream right up until you say action?
Well, I was trying to figure out how to get to Buckingham Palace, right? So, I'm in my map and-and... Hey!
And he never played before either! Y'know what I think? I think beginner's luck, very important in Cups.
Yeah. I'm thinking, if we put our heads together, between the two of us, we can break them up.
Listen that's a pretty girly hour we just spent, we should add some manly make up for it.
Pheebs! Wait up! Listen uh, close your eyes. Maybe that's one thing you can cross off your list.
You can't just ignore the bet! It's a bet! You bet and you bet and if you lose, you lose the bet!
Are you kidding me? I never rent a movie without it! Oh. Uh, okay uh let me call you back.
Hey don't worry about that! I mean, Ross needs you! And Rachel and I will stay and help anyway we can.
Oh. Are you sure you don't want to come? Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, they get mail and stuff.
Their not breaking up. Chandler and Janice. Their not breaking up. He didn't blink or anything.
How do we say yes now and make it seem like we're not doin' it just to ride in the cool car?
Oh, hey. Come on man, don't look at me like that, she used to drive you nuts before too, remember?
And the best part is, we're filming in the desert outside Vegas! And you know what that means buddy!
I was tryin' to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I'm gonna do?
I know, but, I made a huge mistake. I never should have broken up with her. Will you help me? Please?
All right well, I'll take you someplace nice then. Look! A guy tipped me a hundred bucks today.
Well, okay, I'll - I'll just call her and tell her the date's cancelled, and find him somebody else.
I love babies, with their little baby shoes, and their little baby toes, and their little baby hands...
Okay look, look, let me ask you a question, when they were doing it on stage, was it like really hot?
Monica-Monica-Monica-Monica, listen-listen, listen, listen, would-would it make you feel better if we all stop talking about Ross and Rachel.
Oh man! Now she's gonna start all over! We're never gonna get to introduce the hot girls to the new world!
Hey, you know, some of those are pretty hard! Like why would there be a ghost in my fridge? . Yeah!
Rach, it's, it's ah, it's not that we don't want to, really. Are we talking models in their underwear?
It's a one-woman play called "Why don't you like me: a bitter woman's journey through life".
Come on who? Who do you like? Tell me. You're not getting away that easy. Who do you like, who?
All right, you know what we gotta do? We gotta get you outta here. Come on, I'll buy you breakfast, let's go.
She's mad because I know today's her laundry day and that means she's wearing her old lady underpants.
Is to have a long, long talk. Y'know? Get Joey out on the open road and really open him up.
No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down.
All right! Now hey, I need to use the bathroom. Since I don't need any assistance in there, take a break!
Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8.
Look, Chandler, I told you, never tell anyone about this dog thing. It's like Ross not likin' ice cream.
No! No, I'm the minister! All right, look-look, put 'em both on the phone, I'll marry them right now.
I don't care, Rach! Look, I am tired of being the guy who knows all the secrets but can't tell anyone!
Whoo, whoo. Wow, it's uhm... kinda weird that I'm sitting next to Charlie after we broke up.
All right. Hey, but it better make me look really, really good. Oh, and another thing, the video camera? Nice!!
So, assistant to the director. That's a really exciting job, I mean, you must have a ton of cool responsibilities.
Like when I want a job, I go to an audition and if I'm the best of the people they see, they give me the part.
Yeah-yeah, he was playing blackjack for like an hour and he won $5,000. Can you believe that? $5,000!
No, an entertainment unit, with a mail cubby built right in. It's a one day job, max.
Hey-hey, Pheebs, check it out, we already learned a song. Ready? One, two, three, four...
That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?
It wasn't my ring! It's Ross's ring! That's why I felt so bad Rach, because he was going to propose.
R-R-Richard said he wants to marry you?! And-and Chandler's tellin' ya how much he hates marriage?!
Look-look-look you guys, I need some help! Okay? Someone is going to have to convince my hand twin to cooperate!
No, it's just ah, I care so damn much about little Ben that uh, it was more important to see him succeed.
Yeah, they do! Quit being a baby and leave me alone! There, you've just had your first class!
Okay, Okay, Fine! Make Jokes, I Don'T Care! This Is A Big Break For Me!
Hi, yeah, it's me. Oh, no no no, we're just friends. Yeah, I'm single. 25. An actor. Hello?
Uh, well he did not get sick somewhere in there and it was immediately found and properly cleaned up!
Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and so, you know me, work comes first.
Huh, if I had to guess I'd say Rachel is putting on the bubble wrap and Phoebe is doing the punching.
Since always. It's like dating language. Y'know, like 'It's not you' means 'It is you'.
Y'know what's more generous than that?! Fifty percent! Y'know what's even more generous than that?!!
Oh it was great. Yeah, you get to say stuff like, 'Hey, the bell doesn't dismiss you, I dismiss you.'
Look, can I just stop you right there for a second? When people do this I don't really know what that means. You were saying?
Uh well yeah, that was the plan, but by the time I got to it there was only a couple of pieces left!
Maybe. Well, I just think you guys can do better than this house, you know? Or any other house for that matter.
I had to get out of the apartment. Janine is like stretching all over the place. Y'know, everywhere I look she's like...
Soooooo... you are now looking at Dr. Drake Ramore, neurosurgeon, recurring in at least four episodes!
Oh, 'cause you can just match the evaluation to the exam with the same handwriting and boom, there's your admirer.
Ooooooooooh, I slept with you! And you obviously remember me Hey! I still got it. so were good. I'll let myself out.
Hey! It is unacceptable that you two would have sex with Emma in the next room. I'm gonna have to tell Rachel about this.
No-hey-no! If you don't want me to do it, I except that. I don't care about that. I just...I don't want you to be upset.
It will be when you look like that in a tight skirt! This is great! I'm getting more dates than ever!
No, in Ross's building! She's back! She's back! Okay, wait there, I'll be over in a second. Got it!
This sucks! I didn't know I had to stay up all night before I went to this stupid sleep clinic! I'm so tired!
All right, let's think about this. I mean, there's got to be an explanation. Uh... did you do anything to make her mad?
It was, yeah. I kind of don't want it to end. Hey, you wanna come in for a drink and a bite of corsage?
Listen, I hope... that you know... I don't want you to see your father cry, GO TO YOUR ROOM!
Oh my god Ross! You don't have Emma! And Rachel you don't have Emma! Where's Emma? Who has Emma!?
Okay, and ah, this one here is a Douglas Fir, now it's a little more money, but you get a nicer smell.
So I ah, talked to Lauren, kinda told her how things were with us. Did you ah, did you talk to Marshall?
Rach, I told you everything I knew last night! Look, it's not that big of a deal, so Monica and Chandler are doing it.
Well, right after I did that sex study down at NYU. Hey, Remember that sweater I gave you for your birthday?
Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new hammock. It's like a Play-Doo Fat Factory.
I dunno. Some fat guy's sleeping with the store manager. He's not even jolly, it's all political.
What are you doing? Get back over on your side of the... Hello!! Hi, I'm Joey, we haven't met.
Oh, yeah, well I already did that! They said they're gonna look into it right after they solved all the murders.
Oh my God! I overslept! I was supposed to be on the set a half an hour ago! I gotta get out of here!
What, are you crazy? When a blind man gets his sight back, does he walk around like this?
But hey, thanks for teachin' us Cross-Eyed Mary. You guys, we gotta play that at our regular game.
Oh man, she's so smokin, she has got the greatest set of. . . no guys around, huh.
Oh, I'm sorry, Ross. I'll get it for you right now. And since I made you wait, I'll toss in a free muffin.
All right, okay, now, we just have to make sure she doesn't find out some other way. Did you think about the trail?
Well Ross was hangin' out over at our place, Rachel comes over to borrow some moisturiser from Chandler....
All right! All right! Enough! Enough! Enough!! Enough! You two go home! I-I-I gotta talk to Janine!
Well, we got plenty of space! There-there's still some over there by-by that speaker. Please, just stay!
Did you not hear the plot of the movie? "She's been dead for ten years." I'm gonna be a millionaire!
Hey-hey, hold on, this isn't some kind of like girly dance. All right, it's like a sport, it's manly!
Hey! Mine was by accident! All right, the boiler explodes and destroys the hotel, and kills the dad.
And I got custody of the kid, right? Now suppose the kid dies and-and I gotta buy a new kid.
Look, I just need a wire something to jimmy it. Oh hey, one of you guys give me the underwire from your bra!
Ah, look who's back! Why do you have bags? RACH, WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS?
Pretty good. It's like you said. It's mostly just putting numbers from one column into another column.
Whoa-whoa! No-no-no-no-no, nothing is going up! Okay? Up, up is not an option-what's a urethra? Are you crazy?!
I'm not wrong! I wish I was. I'm sorry. Bet that barium enema doesn't sound so bad now, huh?
Uh, they're like my best friends. Are you saying we can't hang out with them? 'Cause that would kinda be a problem.
Dr. Drake Remoray. Days of Our Lives. Voted most datable neurosurgeon by Teen Beat.
So you see, Molly, what people don't understand is that acting is a discipline. It takes a lot of hard work.
A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia.
Nooooo!!! Y'know what? Now that I think about it, I constantly find myself without twenties and you always have lots!
Fine, fine, so, why don't the four of us go out and have dinner together tonight? You know, as friends?
Alright, alright, hey y'know fair is fair, if you're right, you're right, what can I say, but hey oh no!
Yeah. Joseph and his wife, Karen, are thinking of having a third kid... Ya know what? Just did.
Nah, just me. All alone. Dinner for six for one, uh, you boys are about to see something really special.
There you go! That's the spirit I'm looking for! What can we do? Huh? All right who's first? Huh? Ross?
Oh, relax. Don't be. You'll be fine, you'll be fine. They'll probably just make you stand in the back.
Now, here's a picture of my mother and father on their wedding day. Now you tell me she's not a knockout.
Hey! No-no-no-no, you can't take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!
Hey. I just got off the phone with Estelle and guess what. I GOT THE LEAD IN A MOVIE!!!!!!
I was uh, I was thinking I might want to pick one of those babies up for myself, I might want to get one of those...
Maybe he, uhh... drives his car on the other side of the road, if ya know what I mean.
Okay, I know it sounds crazy, but I think it might work. Y'know? The only problem is, Carl's acting is...
I don't wanna give up the bag. I don't have to give up the bag! Do I Rach? Oh, you think I should give up the bag!
Welcome to New York City! Or should I say "ghe deu flooff New York City"?
Uh, yeah but uh, I may have said those things before but, I never truly meant them. Until now.
Oh, yeah... of course... yeah... it's a stuffed animal... you know... it's for kids... not for adults... I know that!
Not enough pills in the world, Rach. What about you, you're the single one, seen anybody in there you like?
Come on man! Listen so uh, are you gonna squeeze the perps shoes a little bit before he lawyers up?
See, there was kind of a mix up in my agent's office, but I'm still on TV and that's good exposure.
Oh no no no no no... It wasn't... It wasn't because of your money problems, it was for something for her.
There's just so much pressure. I mean no offense, but what you guys do is very different. I don't know if you'd understand.
Well, I guess he says that because they were on a break when it happened, that she should of forgiven him by now.
Oh yeah, sure, no problem, I'll just-hold on one second. "Hey Timmy, I've got a surprise for you!"
Oh, Monica and Chandler's recommendation. I want it to sound smart but.. I don't know any big words or anything, so...
Oh, did I not mention? Carl is a guy I hired to be my identical twin for a medical research project.
I just said that so you wouldn't let Ben do it! Look Ross, if anyone should step aside it should be Ben!
...Ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven. See, I told you! Less than a hundred steps from our place to here.
Apparently he was this Russian dictator who slaughtered all these people. You'd think you would've known that!
Wow! That's pretty nice. I thought he cut off his ear 'cause he sucked. What else you got in there?
No-no-no! Look, I've been thinking about it. I'm an actor right? So I won't get nervous talking in front of people.
Oh, man, why did have to go and say that for? Now that you told me I can't have it makes me want her even more!
Yeah, maybe it's like y'know, that jock thing. Y'know how football players pat each other after touchdowns.
I'm sure it's a famous watering can, okay. But, come on...and what is with the really hot stick in the bathroom?
Hey, so listen, I went across the street and talked to the doorman- I got the peeper's name! Can I use the phone?
Well, given that he's desperately in love with you, he probably wouldn't mind getting a cup of coffee or something.
And scene! Huh? Wasn't that fun? We did a little improv there. Yeah! Okay! So you-you-you-you were saying?
Wow, talk about your bad luck, I mean, the first time you try panties and someone walks off with your clothes.
Ok, um, uh, we three feel like, that uh, sometimes you guys don't get that uh, we don't have as much money as you.
Yeah, I-I just made up the stuff about the wedding because I didn't want you to worry about me. But, I'm having surgery today.
Thank you, thank you. How about I do something for you? Tomorrow, I'll bring you a hat, cover up the bald?
Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too, today I had to open a door and go ohhhh!
Oh, oh, I thought that was your character's name, you know, I thought you were like an Indian or something, you know with a...
Ok, now that your coat is safely in the bedr-, oh, ok we can come back out in the living room.
Okay. Now this is just for tonight. Starting tomorrow, you gotta make a change. This has gone on long enough.
Well, I've just never seen a guy stare so hard at a piece of paper that didn't have naked chicks on it.
Wouldn't you pay good money to see these identical hands showcased in some type of a uh, entertainment venue?
Your thumb? That's weird. You sure you're punching right? Make a fist. Maybe later. Ross I feel terrible.
Eww! Look, I'm asking a favor here. If I do this for her brother, maybe Angela will come back to me.
Hey Ma. Listen, I made the appointment with Dr. Bazida, and... Excuse me? Did you know this isn't Ma?
Yeah, the man wreaks! Smells like he went on a three day fishing trip and then ate some liquorice.
No, not that one. We're trying to figure out who to bring to the Knicks game tonight, we have an extra ticket.
Well, we have to say something! We have to get it out! It's eating me alive!! Monica got stung by a jellyfish.
Y'know, I've done nothing but crappy plays for six years. And I finally get my shot, and I blow it!
Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something...
Yeah? Well, I don't want to talk to you Wayne! I hate you! You ruined my life! Oh, Chandler, Wayne. Wayne, Chandler.
Look, Ross look, I'm on board about this totally honesty thing, I am, just not about stuff that's gonna get you in trouble.
Well, we can talk about something else. What do you want to talk about? Vivisection? The Vasdeferens? The Vietnam War?
Y'know I don't think you should be talking at all in there! I think you've got to much thinking to do to be talking and making jokes!
Hey, pretty smart! Tissue paper! You're at the wedding, you have to cry, "Handkerchief?" "No-no, I got my invitation."
Listen, drama critics they're nothing but, but people who couldn't make it as actors. You know what you should do?
I don't know, but one of the extras sure did! Hey, listen Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes!
All right, all right, all right, let's play one more time, ok? And remember, if I win you do not move to Paris.
Hey!! We are so in luck! Treeger said that we could have all this cool stuff from the basement. Wait right there.
Jan-ice. 'Cause I, just, I feel bad for Ross, you know, we-we always go together, we're like the three hocke-teers.
Sorry! Sorry, I'm late; sorry, I'm late! My duck and my chick and a fight, it-it was ugly.
Phoebe, that's crazy. When I first met you, you know what I said to Chandler? I said, "Excellent butt, great rack."
No, one man for the rest of my life? I don't know if I can do it! This means I'll never get to sleep with Joey!
Nope. Man look at this! Ross, I can't believe you said you'd play rugby. I mean look how brutal this is!
Hey, it's great having you back. You know, stay as long as you want, and when does she stop crying all night?
What about her? They've only been going out for two weeks. Ross has been in love with you for like 10 years.
Monica just called from the cab. She said they should be here any minute. And apparently, there's some big surprise.
Listen, I know you're new, but it's kinda understood that everything from Young Men's to the escalator is my territory.
Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me!
Yeah, y'know at first I thought we could talk about this y'know, work it out, but uh, seeing you two together I don't think I...
Well, with Dr. Drake they always tell me what to say. And with Joey, I pretty much have to make it up on my own.
Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn't think big enough to fit a grown man!
Don't you lie to me! I could tell by Chandler's hair. You are so lazy. Can't you get on top for once?
Oh-ho-ho, you think I don't know what breaks my fridge? Excuse me! Well what do you know! Broken! That'll be $400!
Look, it's okay, no, no, no, really, look um, I really appreciate this Pheebs, but I think I'm gonna have to go back to Estelle.
Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but it's just...I've never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
Alright!! Fine! It's original Hugsy! No, now I know that Emma wants him but he's mine and I need him..
We'll do it all, and better! Look, after tonight, Gandolf will want to party with us, dude! Come on!
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok?
Well uh, it's just that uh, y'know if-if you're gonna be wearing someone's sweatshirt shouldn't it be your boyfriends--and I'm not him.
Hey Mon, you might wanna make some more lasagna too, because something might've happened to a huge chunk of it.
Because it's impossible to find her apartment! She lives in some like of hot girl parallel universe, or something.
Yeah, she's been in there all day , uh high fever, a nose problem... Phlegm! Phlegm! Phlegm-phlegm-phlegm!
Whoah, boy, hockey was a big mistake! There was a whole bunch of stuff we could've done tonight!
It's kind of embarrassing, y'know. I mean, I was an actor and now I'm a waiter. It's supposed to go in the other direction.
Well, I just tape it to the back of my toilet tank. I didn't say that! It's in a bank guarded by robots!
Hey, it's not the first time I lost a girl to a cowboy spraying cologne. Bijan for men? Bijan for men?!
Well, not so good. She definitely thinks tonight is the night we're gonna... complete the transaction, if you know what I...
No, no, Emma has one Hugsy, the new Hugsy, huh? The other Hugsy, I don't know, I guess I'll just take it back.
Hey-hey-hey! So, how did it go with Dana? Any reason I should leave a block of time open say Thursday?
Monica, look... I don't think you and I have any secrets anymore... Not ready to joke about it yet, okay, I see you later.
Rach, you're killin' us here, will ya serve the dessert already? Those drunken dancers are waiting!
Sure, sure. Ok, "Bleu de la bleu, de la blu bla bleu" See?
All right-oh! Listen, I know this is your party, but I'd really like to the number of museum geeks that are gonna be there.
Oh that's too bad. I've kinda been saving up. Uh, are you sure there's no studies I can participate in?
Hey, hey... I can convince people to do anything, you know. I bet I can even get Mike to do that "thing". What is it?
So, what, you think I'm just gonna sleep with her and never call her again and things are gonna get uncomfortable? Yeah, sounds about right.
So let me get this straight. If you go with Bonnie tonight, you're doing the smart, healthy thing and moving on.
Well, well that one has ducks on his t-shirt, and this one has clowns. And Ben was definitely wearing ducks.
OK, we'll just leave, and when we pass her on the stairs, she won't know it's me 'cause we've never met.
I'm just so nervous! Y'know? The callback isn't until tomorrow at five. I feel like my head is going to explode!
Hey! How come my plate's less fancy then everyone else's? Do you not trust me with a fancy plate?
Yeah! She is cool, and she's so smart! Her mind is totally acrimonious . That's not how she used it...?
see ordinarily I would talk to her, but my confidence is shaken did I sleep with her? Did I not sleep with her?
All right look, Ross, he's right. Emily's great, she's great! But this way too soon, you're only gonna scare her!
My identical hand twin! The person whose hands are exactly like mine! This thing is a gold mine!
Hey Pheebs, you know what? I was thinking... since you wrote a song, maybe I could do something for Emma using my talents!
Actually, y'know it's kinda cold, so how about I keep my boxers on, and give you all a peek at the good stuff?
If you ask me, as long as you got this job, you've got nothing pushing you to get another one. You need the fear.
See look, women, carrying the bag. But it is odd how a women's purse looks good on me, a man.
All right, you're probably not gonna want to hear this but ah, if it was me, and this is just me, I would ah, I would bow out.
He knew we were trying to get rid of him. He knew! You think we could get a bathtub in our kitchen?
And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And he's away a lot.
Wait a minute, you can't go to Tulsa. Maybe you forgot, but we've got tickets to the Jets game next week.
Okay, can I-can I make it up to you? Huh? I'm sorry. How about uh, dinner tomorrow night?! I'll pay for myself!
Okay. All right. You look me in the eye and tell me, without blinking, that you're not breaking up with her. No blinking.
When I was little, I wanted to be a veteranarian, but then I found out you had to put your hands into cows and stuff.
C'Mon, You Guys. This Is A Real Movie, And Al Pacino's In It, And That's Big!
C'mon, you guys, it wasn't that bad. It was better than that thing I did with the trolls, at least you got to see my head.
Uh, Pheebs we kinda need you to drive us all up there in your grandmother's cab, but y'know what, I'll stay.
Oh yeah! For every dollar Shutter Speed makes, one penny of it goes right in Joey's pocket.
No-no-no, no, no, wait. You see, I'm an actor, Joey Tribbiani, I'm doing a scene with you today, and well, I stink.
Everything is upside down here! It rains all day long, nobody watches tv and Ross is famous!
All right, uh, we've got a little bit of a problem here. These people are my friends; you can't treat them that way.
Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you'd be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
All right, Rach, the big question is, does he like you? All right? Because if he doesn't like you, this is all a moo-point.
Y'know what I think? I think somebody's got a little crush on Casey. How 'bout I fix you two up? What do you think?
Hey, yeah! Then we could do that telephone thing! Y'know, you have a can, we have a can and it's connected by a string!
That's right Ross, I can see you in your new apartment! And you can see me! Same as yesterday, same as the day before.
Right!"Oh my God, is this the men's room? Oh, I feel so foolish, have you always known you wanted to be an actor?"
Hey! Are those crab cakes? Did I not tell ya to come straight to me when more crab cakes were ready?
Uh, hey, Rach let me ask you something. Uh, I was just over there talking to Monica and Chandler, boy they are really tight.
No, no, no. When you get home tomorrow night, you and I are going to be at the Wizzards-Knicks game . . . courtside!
Well, Chandler's old roomate was Jewish, and these are the only candles we have, so... Happy Chanukah, everyone.
I don't know Ross! I-I tell you what, let's flip to see who does it, okay? You-you call it in the air, all right?
Of course you do! I saved him! You're mad at me! It all adds up! You want Ross out of the picture.
Umm, y'know how the other day you were talking about how you didn't get to go to London and how you were kinda feeling left out?
No way! 'Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it's gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach!
Well, I had a whole ceramic zoo thing goin' over there but now, without the other ones, it just looks tacky.
Uh, I think she's still asleep. Hey, hey, how did it go with you guys last night? She seemed pretty pissed at you.
Come on. Come on. Alright, ready, look! Oh... Ross.... you get me so hot. I want your lips on me now.
Hey! So Estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me tomorrow and I'll have my health insurance back in no time.
Yeah-yeah, I'm one of the cops that won't work with you 'cause you a lose cannon. Anyway, look, I'm really sorry, but I stink!
Oh, .. uh... uh... pass. Pass. Pass. Okay, the little thing that hangs down at the back of your throat.
I'd take you out for a romantic night. Some champagne, fancy dinner, feel you up on the carriage ride home...
That's it! I'm tired of covering for you two! This has got to stop! Ahh! And tighty-whiteys! What are you, 8?
I'd be lying if I said I haven't thought about it myself. Chandler is my best friend, it would be wrong. Good......But wrong.
All right, I'll give you this, Mr. Peanut is a better dresser. I mean he's got the monocle, he's got the top hat...
Huh. But still Ross, you're worst day with two women, pretty much better than any other day! Y'know what I mean?
Yeah listen so, I thought I was getting better, so on my way home today I stopped by this guitar store and...
You don't kiss your friend's mom! Sisters are okay, maybe a hot-lookin' aunt... but not a mom, never a mom!
Come on Ross be realistic, y'know? If I did write something, what are the chances I could get those guys to star in it?
Alright, then you go to that party and you pretend to be over Mike. And afterward you come to my place and I'll get you good and drunk!
No, things are fine with Kathy. I'm having a late dinner with her tonight, right after my early dinner with Casey.
Well, I-I just, I just it was going to be like a really cool robot, y'know? Like the terminator or uh, when I first saw you.
Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying "let's go here, let's go there". Like we can afford to go here and there.
Now it just hit her that she's leaving and she's kind of emotional so no one say anything to set her off, ok?
Rachel, would you stop saying that?! Hey-hey look, remember on the show when-when Caprice was dying and she gave me...
Check the freezer. If there's none in there, then we're probably out. Are you just getting in from work? It's late.
Well can you at least stay to the end of the play? I mean, I'll go to the airport with ya, I-I wanna say good bye.
Yeah, but then the guy opens his beer and those girls run at him, so, everything seems to work out OK.
What? You think I'm too dumb to understand that a husband needs to be with his wife? Huh? Do you think I'm like, "Duh."
Well I guess I gotta start savin' up for Ross's birthday, so I guess I'll just stay home and eat dust bunnies.
Uh, take a look at the guy's pants! I mean, I know you told us to show excitement, but don't you think he went a little overboard?
Dan just moved in downstairs. Yeah, he just got back from like this four-month trek in the Andes. Nice fella.
I wish. See, I guess another thing I probably should've told you about Ginger is that she kinda has a ah, artificial leg.
See this is what I was afraid of, I didn't think I should be here either but somebody said he'd be over it by now.
I don't know! It's not like it's porn! This is a serious, legitimate movie. Y'know? And the nudity is really important to the story.
Oh mommie, oh daddie, I am a big old baddie! Oh mommie, oh daddie, I am a big old baddie!
Well, I guess you're right. Maybe, maybe I'll take her down to the incinerator. It's gonna be so said, and kinda cool. She's heeled!
No-no, this only took five minutes. I spent the rest of the day coming up with new, Ultimate Fireball. Ha-ha!
A little uh, good deed for PBS and a little TV exposure, now that's the kind of math Joey likes to do!
Come on C.H.E.E.S.E., I'm not leaving without you! Try routing your backup source through your primary CPU.
Oh well, the powerball lottery is upto 300 million and they don't sell tickets here in New York, so...
Ah-ah-ah Mr. Smartie Pants, it's just not my character that's not brain dead. Hey, so Pheebs, we still on for tonight?
Yeah, yeah. We went to a Mets game, we got Chinese food, and you know, I love this woman. You have got competition buddy.
I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can talk again, you know? Maybe a little longer.
Uh, y'know what, we're having second thoughts about our copying needs. And we'll need a little more time to think about it.
Yeah, it's okay. I know what a mainsail is. I know, I know to duck when the boom comes across. I-I know port is right.
Don't worry, there wasn't any sex in it or anything. I haven't dreamt about her like that since I found out about you two--ish.
Aww, man. That's the girl I was hiding from. When she finds out he's my roommate, she's gonna tell him what I did.
No, no, look. All I'm saying is that you're my agent, ok? And you're not getting me into any auditions and I'm tired of it.
Hey! I did not cry my eyes out!! Come on! It's like the end of an era! No more J-man and Channie's!!
Well, y'know those special skills I have listed on my resume? I would love it would be great if one of those was true.
Oh that's okay. Hey, actually in a way it's kinda nice. Me, bringing the food of my ancestors, you, the food of yours!
All right, that's it. Y'know I was still gonna let you have her. But now, forget about it. Prepare to feel very bad about yourself.
Hey! I'm getting a little tired of this okay? We said we're sorry. It's Thanksgiving for Pete's sakes! A day of forgiveness!
No, Yeeees. God, how do I say this. . Oh, hi, you know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the hair ?
I want you to take this seriously! Phoebe is very very important to me, ok? And I wanna make sure that you are gonna take care of her.
Nice try. See the Netherlands is this make believe place where Peter Pan and Tinker Bell come from.
Ok, I may not have treated your friends well in the past, but I have grown up a lot, really. Honest, Rach?
Right. Right. The wedding, gotcha. But I mean, it's gonna start a little late right? I mean, weddings start late. Right?
Well if you can't talk dirty to me, how're you going to talk dirty to her? Now tell me you want to caress my butt!
I have an audition for this play and for some of it I have to speak French. Which, according to my resume, I'm fluent in.
Whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. If you just got back from Tulsa, how did your suitcase beat you here?
Just because she went to Yale drama, she thinks she's like the greatest actress since, since, sliced bread!
Yeah, well, I couldn't find any cards, so it was either this or Strip Bag Of Old Knitting Stuff.
Oh, it's great! It's a great place to just kinda, sit, hang around, drink a few beers, eat some chips.
Hi. We're the guys who called about the baby. We left the baby on ths bus. Is he here? Is he here?
Thank you. Cha-ching! Oh, well hello Mr. Lincoln. Better luck next time buddy. And the drinks are on me!
And then, then he could use his teeth, his teeth to undo her dress, and, and, and bite her!
Noo! I can't take any more secrets! I've got your secrets. I've got their secrets. I got secrets of my own y'know!
It'll be great! We-we could talk, and play games! Huh? This could be our chance to like renew our friendship.
I don't know, I just always pictured you ending up with one of those tall, smart blond guys, name like.... Hoyt.
listen to this... I went out with this girl last night and half way through our date I realized I already slept with her.
2,000 bucks is a lot of money. Oh, I wish I had a twin. Where could I find someone who looks exactly like me?
I can't believe Ross went out with Rachel's sister! When Chandler made out with my sister I was mad at him for 10 years.
The Estelle Leonard Talent Agency. Wow, an agency left me its card! Maybe they wanna sign me!
Just now, after acting class. At first I thought she was doing some kind of scene, that's why I let people watch.
I'd love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She's sleeping. Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink?
I, I don't get you. I mean first, you hate me. Then you sleep with me. Then you want nothing to do with me, now you want me again.
Yes! Didn't you ever read Sports Illustrated?! No! I didn't read yours! But come on, we can go to the game tonight!
What? I have seven Catholic sisters. I've taken care of hundreds of kids. Come on, we wanna do it, don't we?
Hey! Who was up from 2 o'clock this morning until 5 o'clock this morning trying to get her back to sleep?
No-no-no-no-no! It's a surprise, but it's gonna be tricky thought because she said she was gonna be pretty busy at work for a while.
Just get in there and make a face to face apology, you know? Look them in the eye. I know I can get them to forgive us.
It's just I can't because my manager said I... "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you. Happy birthday dear Annie...
Yes, and they should name one of their kids Joey. I may not have kids; someone's gotta carry on the family name.
Yeah, it is! You wouldn't have lost the ring, right? Y'know what, Ross you were right from the start, he should be your best man.
Come on man there's gotta be something that gets you choked up! Like uh, uh oh, what if you saw a three-legged puppy?
Okay, let's see, we got strained peas, strained carrots... Ooh! Strained plums. We haven't tried that yet.
All right, now you know that the ATM will only lets you take out 300 at a time, I'll take a check for the other hundred.
Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid!
Hey, listen Pheebs. I was just talking to the director, and he was thinking, maybe this time you don't hit Drake, you just wait on the tables?
Hey, maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! It's very impressive when the little people know a celebrity.
Plus, y'know, I think it should be Joe. Y'know, Joey makes me sound like I'm, I dunno, this big. Which I'm not.
Oh... food. No, sex. Food! Sex! Food! Se-I don't know! Good God, I don't know, I want girls on bread!
Oh, very funny. I don't know if you remember, but my audition was supposed to be Thursday. You got me the audition?! Let's hug it up!
Yeah right after we stole his lunch money and gave him a wedgie. What's the matter with you, he's parking the car.
It's London, baby! All right, the hotel's here. Wait. No, we wanna go... No. I know. I'm gonna have to go into the map.
What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pole.
Hey, listen, I gotta tell ya, I feel kinda bad taking credit for this, because man, am I gonna get a lot of credit for this!
Ooh, like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your whole steak?! Remember?
Look, come on you guys, you said you were gonna try! All right look, I came over here to invite you guys to a movie with me and Janine.
Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear.
What?! All right-Hey! Don't look at me! You're the one who wanted to come up and look for some stupid Burger King comet!
Oh.. I don't know why this is so hard for me. you know.. I mean lying is basically just acting and I am a terrfic actor.
You really think he'd take me? I mean, we had a pretty good talk last night but, when I moved out, I hurt him bad.
Hey, hey, I just figure Joseph's the kinda guy that likes to mix it up. Ya know, get in there, ruffle some feathers.
You guys promised you'd be more careful! I mean, come on! The good Joey name is being dragged through the mud here!
Hey, Mr. Bing. That uh, hotel you stayed at called. Said someone left an eyelash curler in your room.
Hey, if you wanna grab a bite before work we'd better get acrimonious. No? Am I getting close? Opening credits.
Alright, alright, okay, uhm... How 'bout this, how about this? Tomorrow... tomorrow we'll both go and we'll tell him together.
So, you saw me on Days Of Our Lives huh? Want me to, want me to do a little Dr. Drake Remoray for ya?
You guys have one of those signs that says 'We don't swim in your toilet, so don't pee in our pool.', you know.
Am I psyched? The lead in my own TV series? I've dreamed about this for years! Why have I not been preparing?!
Oh yeah-yeah. And I got the duck totally trained. Watch this. Stare at the wall. Hardly move. Be white.
No-no-no-no look no! I won't spit, and I won't stare at Monica's breasts! Y'know? Everyone knows I'm an ass man!
There's a part in a TV movie that I would be perfect for and I didn't even be put up for it! She'd better have a good reason.
My animals. Hey the guy said they suited me, he spoke with an accent, I was all confused. I don't know what I'm gonna do.
What? No! No Ross! No-no! Stop! I'm not jumping! Okay, look I have an audition tomorrow and I can't go if I break my leg.
Well, I'm telling everyone about you! That's the only way to explain the underwear and the video camera that doesn't make me look like a pig!
My beers?! Look you guys, she's a very nice girl. Okay? We had a good time, but I just-I don't see it going anywhere.
No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no... It's okay, I mean I-look Rach, I know I scared you off with that whole Naked Thursday's thing, but we don't have to do that!
The trail from the woman you did it with to the woman you hope never finds out who did it! You always have to think about the trail!
Is this because I come over here without knocking and eat your food? Because I can stop doing that, I really, really think I can!
Well, I'm just-if the paste matches the pants, you can make yourself a pair of paste pants and she won't know the difference!
Look, my best friends are getting married in like an hour. Okay? And I'm the minister. Please! Please! Can you pull it together?
All right! Westminster Abbey! Hands down, best Abbey I've ever seen. Hey! Okay. What do you think of the Abbey, Chandler?
I know! Yeah, but, look I can handle it. All right? Look, I can listen to the radio, huh? And Ross gave me this great book .
It wasn't my ring! It fell out of Ross's jacket! And when I knelt down to pick it up Rachel thought I was proposing!
Remember when you where a kid and your Mom would drop you off at the movies with a jar of jam and a little spoon?
Well, thank you. So, can we play 20 Questions now? I've got a really good one! I've been thinking about it since Kansas.
No, Chandler. Look, forget about it, okay? Look, I know things have been a little tight since Janine moved out. Oh, was she hot.
Hey! Here's the birthday boy! Ross, check it out: hockey tickets, Rangers-Penguins, tonight at the Garden, and we're taking you.
The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream, limes-Hey, what was in that brown jar?
Yeah, I'll have the Thai chicken pizza. But, hey, look, if I get it without the nuts and leeks and stuff, is it cheaper?
Have you kissed her yet? It's awesome! I could do it forever! Y'know what? She-she kisses better than my mom cooks!
I'm sorry! But hey, it's over now, right? Because you can tell them that you know they know and I can go back to knowing absolutely nothing!
Oh come on. Nobody likes two different kinds of eggs equally. You like one better than the other and I wanna know which.
Hello? What are you talking about? The audition's not 'til 5:00! Well, nobody told me! Who'd you talk to? Nevermind!
Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out!
Oh Rachel look, don't say that, I think you just need a hug from Joey. Come on. Come on. She's back! Hot girl's back!
Hey Pheebs! Listen, uh can you do me a favor? I forgot the pin number to my ATM card can, can you get it for me?
Yeah but we won't be able to like get up in the middle of the night and have those long talks about our feelings and the future.
Seriously, you like it? This guy was sellin' them on 8th avenue and I looked at 'em and I though, you know what I don't have?
All right look, y'know how-y'know how when you're dating someone and you don't want to cheat on them, unless it's with someone really hot?
You got it. Thanks man. Thanks for doing this, I owe you one. Oh, hey! There wasn't any change from that twenty, was there?
Oh we flipped for it. I got the cigar, he got the moustache. Figured if we both grew it, we'd look like dorks.
No. Nope, I uh...I th-I thought it might be kind of a cool character thing. Y'know? He's uh, he's a face toucher.
All right, I'm sorry. Rach I-Rach I'm sorry. Okay? I'm sorry! Maybe I can make up for it by, taking you roughly in the barn.
Alright, well the rest of you get comfortable, ok, because we're gonna be here for a li... Wait a minute, there is a window in there!
Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear".
I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find, is the wonders I've found ever since...
All right now remember, something this big and long is going to be difficult to manuver, fortunately I have a lot of experience in that area.
This is the unit for you my friend. Sturdy construction, tons of storage compartments, some big enough to fit a grown man.
Well, I sorta am. I mean yeah, I'm dating this girl who's also seeing another guy. But, I don't know, I'm not to worried about it.
Yeah, why don't you move in with me? It'll be great! We could stay up late, watch movies, and you know about Naked Thursday's right?
Over the line?! You-you're-you're so far past the line, that you-you can't even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
Oh my God, I'm sorry, I'm being so rude. Rachel, would like a soda or something? Because Chandler would run right out and get it.
Yeah! But if would've know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn't have worried about it so much! See you around!
I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play, so I steered clear of her...
Right. Dja bu bu Claude. Uh, c'est la pu les la lu blah bloo.
Oh, yeah, with the mug painting. Yeah. I was so listening to that. But ah, y'know what, I think I kinda need to work on my stuff tonight.
Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind!
I know it could be intimidating for regular people to be around celebrities but... relax, I'm just like you! Only better looking and richer.
You got it! And the rabbi's beard, 100% horsehair. Nice catch C.H.E.E.S.E.! It's your line C.H.E.E.S.E.! Wayne! Wayne!!
Well, ah, I'm an actor. I'm fairly neat. I ah, I got my own TV. Oh, and don't worry I'm totally okay with the gay thing.
This is Vegas man! People will pay to see freaky stuff! Okay, how much would you pay to see this hand twice? Huh?
Angela? Joey Tribiani. Listen, what are ya doing tonight. I know your seeing that guy I was thinking maybe you could bring him.....Hello? Hello?
I bet we could get videos of all the sites, get a VCR in our hotel room... we'd never even have to go outside!
Oh, you want something serious. Y'know what you should do, you should get her one of those um, barium enemas. Those are dead serious.
So what? I drove down, sold T-shirts, had a blast. And y'know who knows how to party? Drunk college chicks.
Uhm... ok. It's a store, like a supermarket. Oh! I see-I see what I did. Yeah, ok, ok, uhm... I'm writing in my...
Yeah. So uh Ross, well now-why did that first marriage breakup? Was it because the woman was straight or she was a lesbian?
Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! .
Hey-hey guys, hey! How about we settle this over a friendly game of Fireball? Huh? I'll go unhook the smoke detectors!
Well, I'm sorry. I thought parents were coming! Y'know? Your parents are comin'! Chandler's parents are comin'! Ross's parents are comin'!
I gotta a lot of nice stuff to say about you guys, ok? And I know how much you wanna have a baby, you know, and I would love to help you get one.
Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercials?
But why?! I should've won one and I really want it and she didn't even care enough to come to the thing! It could also be a Grammy.
Well this is noodle soup and uh, I've been working with tomato. But that's okay, no problem. No problem. Hmm, noodle soup.
Yeah, you missed, 'Takes money to make money,' and uh, 'Don't make me come down there and kick your wall street butt.'
Uhh, well I've got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt. You got an extra one?
Yeah, yeah. He's got a, he's got a really bad cough, and our vet, he can't do anything about it. Is there something you can do?
Ah!! Okay! Eyes open at all times! Oh, hey, how do we decide where we... y'know each would, y'know be?
I Play Al Pacino's Butt. All Right? He Goes Into The Shower, And Then- I'M His Butt.
Yeah. We figured when we couldn't find you, you'd gone home to make up with Rachel. Which is probably what you shoulda done. Huh?
That's okay Mike, I have forgiven you. And now we're friends again everything's great! Mary Ellen Wait, is your mom okay?
Or clowns. Oh, oh wait. That one's definitely Ben. Remember, he had that cute little mole by his mouth.
Oh! I got it! Ok, everyone pick a number from one to ten. Alright? Whoever gets the highest number gets to go first.
Well no, not yet. He's calling everyone on her side of the family hoping that someone will help him get in touch with her.
No, no, no, I'm telling ya. Imagine yourself living in a supermarket and you will understand okay? So the question is, what do we do?
Yeah well, maybe you should go back! Okay? Rachel moves in, and before you know it you're right where you don't want to be! Back together!
Yeah, I-I think that women just have a lower threshold of pain than men, that's all. I mean, come on, it's just a little wax.
Good-good, okay, sprinkle some of that on your legs, it'll absorb some of the moisture and then you can get your pants back up.
Well I don't like to say it out loud, but, yeah! Don't feel bad man, we all have our strengths. You're better with numbers and stuff.
Now let's not ruin this day. You worked so hard. Let's move past this and try to have a nice meal all together, huh?
Well usually...yeah! Well, not just lemonade, iced tea, sometimes juice. Well, sorry, I just, I thought you liked me. I'm such a jerk.
Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it's getting darker and more painful, that means it's healing.
I don't need to think about it. I was Dr. Drake Remoray. That was huge. Big things are gonna happen, you'll see. Ross, you still there?
Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days" I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy".
Ten years I've been waiting for a break like this Chandler, ten years! I mean, Days of Our Lives. That's actually on television.
No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kill it. What's your secret?
Yeah, they said I acted too much with it. I told everybody about this! Now everybody's gonna go to the theatre, expecting to see me, and...
Yeah, hi. You guys got any of those baby chicks? 'Cause I was watching this ah, commercial on TV and man, those guys are cute!
Well, the movie got shutdown because they ran out of money, so I'm working here 'til it starts up again, if it ever does.
Guess I don't know. My experience: if a girl says yes to being taped... She doesn't say no to much else, I tell ya...
Pantyhose! Y'know? They way they start at your toe and go all the way up to here... I should go take these off shouldn't I?
Oh well, they're killing off one of the characters on the show, and when she dies her brain is being transplanted into my body.
Fine! Take their advice. No one ever listens to me. When the package is this pretty, no one cares what's inside.
Uhm... A penis model. Anyway, hey... Did you tell Chandler that some guy from work is the funniest guy you've ever met?
Yes, all right? All of her hot dancer friends are gonna be there and they're gonna be, be drinkin' and dancin, and we really wanna go!
Come on Rach, not again. I got it! Okay? Let's start sailing, and I want to go over there where that boatload of girls is! Yo-ho-ho!
Yeah, there's this guy from Chicago who's supposed to be the next Martin Scorcese, all right? But then this guy's right after him. Hello!
Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
Maybe, I should call this place and get them to put my 'Days of Our Lives' on here. You know, juice this puppy up a little.
Oh, uh, again. Can I make a special request: Can you bring everything as soon as it's ready? Appetizers, entrees, we don't care.
Whoa-whoa, that-that was just a theory! There's a lot of theories that didn't pan out. The lone gunman. Communism. Geometry.
You and Milton have to join us on the boat. Karen'll pack a lunch, you'll bring the kids, we'll make a day of it.
Don't you remember when we were jogging in the park and we saw that really pretty bird and wanted to take a picture-I didn't have my camera!
Ah, I was just in the bathroom, and there's mirrors on both sides of you. So when you're in there it's like you're peein' with the Rockettes.
Oh, a wiseacre. . No, no, no, I understand you plan to support your wife by playing the piano? Isn't that kind of unstable?
The stripper stole the ring!! The stripper stole the ring!! Chandler! Chandler, get up! Get up! The stripper stole the ring!
Ah, y-y-you're sure you don't want me to do it again? I could do it with an accent, you know, Southern "I could go right now, maaan!"
Man, I'm starving! What the hell was I thinking at dinner?! "Do you want soup or salad?" Both! Always order both!
I don't know. But I can see through your sheet. Yeah, yeah, that's her. But y'know what? Doesn't matter, I'm never gonna get to meet her anyway.
Hey, there's me! April 17th. Excessive noise. Italian guy comes homes with a date. Hey Chandler, look, you're in here too.
Dude, you just described seven days worth of stuff. You've got to spread it out a little, you know. Haven't you ever been unemployed?
...is because they were friends first. Y'know? So I asked myself, "Who are my friends?" You and Phoebe, and I saw you first. So...
He said that he wasn't gonna apologize because you guys are living here illegally, so instead what he's gonna do is have you evicted-I'll see you later.
Noo!! I've had the best day ever! Dude, check this out! Now, I'm gonna fastforward past the part with you, 'cause it is boring.
Who loses fifty seven coin tosses in a row? Head she wins, tails I lose. Wait a minute...
This sucks man! The last night you're here and I lose the two most important things in my life, the foosball table and $500.
Oh thanks. Thanks. It was great meetin' ya. And listen if any of my friends gets married, or have a birthday, or a Tuesday...
Well, suppose until the baby's born I laid off it. No extra animals would die, you-you'd just be eating my animals.
Have a seat. Last night, I tried to welcome you into my family... and instead, you disrespect me... I cannot allow this.
Look, I know I feel asleep before I could shower and now I don't have time! They're just ten blocks away, if I run, I can make it.
We're now in the ceremony, Monica is about to say, "I do" when her drunk uncle starts yelling. What do you do? Go!
I'll have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a handsome woman in her day, alright? You think it's easy giving birth to seven children?
Uh no, not really. It's an independent film y'know? So we don't have a real big budget. I figured I'd just stay in your room.
All right, that's it! He cannot do this to Phoebe. This guy is going to get the butt kicking of a lifetime! But, is he a big guy?
Well, he's not used to women being so forward with him; but uh, I good check with him-He says it's okay. Great! Thanks! Bye-bye!
But Jo's got a crush on Laurie. Oh. You mean it's like a girl-girl thing? 'Cause that is the one thing missing from The Shining.
Everybody smile! Okay, thanks a lot! Enjoy your stay at Caesar's! We hope it's toga-rrific! Kill me. Kill me now.
Oh no this is devastating! My faith is shaken. I'm so glad I have the new chair to get my through this difficult time in my life.
Oh, y'know, when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did you see it? It was gross!
Well, safer. Y'know, I mean I never start reading The Shining, without making sure we've got plenty of room in the freezer, y'know.
Uhh, cause, uhh, I'm a neurosurgeon and that was clearly a case of, uh, uh, foodal chokage. Alright, look, I got to tell you something.
Well Ross, it seems pretty clear. I mean what's more important? What people think or how you feel, huh? Ross, you gotta follow your heart.
Becasue at first he thought it was Joseph. But after he asked Joseph about it, turns out it was you. Anyway, I just thought you should know.
Yeah, yeah, she's really into history and foreign movies... And oh, oh, she loves puzzles. Huh? Come on, who loves puzzles?
No, God, no! No! No no, I'm an actor. You'd probably recognize me from a little show called "The Days of Our Lives".
Listen, while you're on a roll, if you feel like you gotta make like a Western omelet or something... Although actually I'm really not that hungry...
Ha-ha, very funny-Look! I don't know what to do! I really want you guys to get along. Just please come to the movie with us. I mean you owe me!
All right, let's do it! 5 hour flight with Charlie, have a couple of drinks, get under that blanket and do what comes naturally.
Hey! Now, I've been watching some tapes, how's this? "Jessica Lockhart will never step foot in this place again! Ever!!"
Yeah, well don't get me wrong, you're a better agent than she is, but at least with her I don't want to blow my pretty dumb brains out.
I mean, she should be with someone like... Ross! You know what I mean, he uses all those big words too! Man, smart people are dull!
OK... my weirdest place would have to be... the women's room on the second floor of the New York CIty public library.
Hey! I did it. I called my producer. I told him I had a family emergency, he totally bought it. Thanks for teaching me how to lie Pheebs.
Ahhh, I fold like a cheap hooker who got hit in the stomach by a fat guy with sores on his face. Oh, I'm out.
Ah, Gunther, I can't pay for this right now because I'm not working, so I've had to cut down on some luxuries like uh, payin' for stuff.
Chandler, I can't be playing games, Ross is gonna be home soon. And I have to write five whole pages if I'm gonna stick to his schedule.
What, oh, oh, oh, no, no, I can't, I can't tell you that, it's like the most awful, horrible thing I've ever done my whole life.
I want this part so much! Y'know? If I don't get this part I'm never gonna eat Macaroni and Cheese again!-No, I didn't say that! That's a lie.
No! If anyone's a sex addict here, it's Monica! Yeah. Yeah. She has been trying to get me back in the sack ever since London!
No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend.
Same kind of thing happened to me! Woman pizza delivery guy come over, gives me the pizza, takes the money, and leaves!
Yeah! I totally forgot I'm supposed to be there. I can't believe I forgot. I usually write stuff like this on my arm. Oh! Stupid long sleeves.
I don't know. This little, old lady lives for my career. When they dumped me off of Days of Our Lives she almost died.
You were amazing, could you just do me this huge favor, you see there's this one other audition that I really, really want, and Estelle couldn't get me in.
No, that's VH-1. I gotta tell you, the music these kids listen to today . . . It's like a lotta noise to me. I don't know...
Yeah. Sorry about that. Oh, hey little girl. Uhh, is-is your mommy, or sister, or babysitter by any chance a hot girl?
Ah, can I just say I know we're doing this for Ross, and that's cool, but if it was up to me, this is not what we'd be doing on our first date.
No! No, no you can't quit! You're the best agent I ever had! Look Pheebs, rejection is part being an actor, you can't take it personally.
I've been trying for two days. When I called the restaurant, they said she was too busy to talk. I can't believe she's blowin' me off.
Yeah, that's what I was afraid of.. Okay, uhh...Look Janine I really want you to feel at home here, but some of this new stuff. It's...too girly.
Well uh, I went down there and told him that no one treats my friends like that and that he'd better come up here and apologize. I'll see you later.
What do you mean? I can do anything, I'm a chameleon! Huh? I'm old! I'm tired! Hey, I'm hot I'm cold!! Huh?? Come on! What can't I do?
Thanks, Rach. Look, you guys are just terrific. Y'know? Now, how about clearing out of here so I can get some new customers. It's all about turnover.
All right!!! Okay!! All right! Okay-okay, I gotta get started on my speech! Oh, wait a minute, Internet ministers can still have sex right?
Is that why you're on this trip, huh? Make me feel like a loser? 'Cause if it is, I'll tell ya, I-I-I'd rather be alone.
"Warden, in five minutes my pain will be over. But you'll have to live with the knowledge that you sent an honest man to die."
But wait, wait, wait. Then, after I left her office, she caught up with me at the elevator and offered me an even bigger part.
You may be a sissy but I'll still . All right, it hurts so bad, I could only let her do oneeyebrow and now... they don't match!
I couldn't. He was saying all these really nice things about me. I didn't want him to get mad and take 'em all back. I'm on a edge on Chandler.
I can do that! "Hello, I'm your professor. When I'm not busy thinking of important things or... professing. I like to use..." Oh, what's the product?
Yeah! Much! Listen uh, not that I'm y'know insecure about my manhood or anything y'know, but I think I need to hook up with a woman like right now.
Yeah, that was a tricky one. In reality, that operation takes like, over 10 hours, but they only showed it for 2 minites.
Wow, look at that. The car is on fire, yet somehow it's expensive paint job is protected by the Miracle Wax.
Or, I could just point to it! Huh? Blah, blah, blah, Purina One, point to a bag today. I didn't get it, did I?
Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didn't want you to touch me cause I'm -I'm all sweaty from the workout. I better hit the shower. Oh my God!
Yeah, because it is slim pickings. I had this date last night: Yuck! But we should probably keep it down; she's still in the bedroom.
No! Forget it! Okay-I mean thanks, but I'm done taking money from you. All right, I can take of myself. Now, what's next? Come on.
Oh, want a good name, go with Joey. Joey's your pal. Joey's your buddy. "Where is everybody?" "Well, they're hanging out with Joey."
Pretty cool, huh? But if you're thinking you can put a fish in there and it wouldn't get sucked up into the mechanism, well you'd be wrong.
Oh, no no, that's the beauty part, it goes with everything. You put this on, you're good to go. Ohhh man, you are so wearin' that bracelet.
Listen, I know the invitation says 6:00, but does that mean that you want people to get there at six, or the show is gonna start right at six?
I'm fine, I'm fine, it's just, it's just weird what's happening with her and Ross. You know, yesterday he asked me to fix him up with somebody.
Let's just say there's a well-dressed pack of dogs in Ohio. Hey Monica listen is-is Phoebe there? I gotta ask her something about the car.
Hey no-no-no-no! It's cool! It's cool! I-I'll only be a second, I'm still with my bride's maid, I just-Where are those condoms you brought?
Bikini, French cut, thong! And-and the fabrics! You've got cotton, silk, lace! And y'know what I've always wondered about?
Come on, Chandler, Ross is our friend. He needs us right now, so why don't you be a grown up and come and watch some TV in the fort!
Wow, you are a good friend, 'course the audition was this morning, and I didn't get it. But that was a hell of a kiss. Rachel is a very lucky girl.
Yeah, there's this superintendent's dance, the Super Ball. I don't know, and he wants to impress Marge, this lady super that he's a crush on.
Sure it is! She needs a pen for work, she's writing, she turns it over.... "Whoa! It's time for my date with Joey!"
Okay, uh Pheebs, quick. Look! This is for the babies to look at someday, so is-is there anything you want to say? Y'know before it all starts?
It's okay. You know, I totally understand, alright? You guys, make way more sense than her and I ever did, you know. And... I want you to be happy.
Well, he said I wasn't urgent enough, you know, and that everything I did was horizontal and I should be more vertical. Oh, and he said that I should think less.
Oh! Maybe they'll name yours after you! Y'know, they'll call it, The Ross. And then people would be like, "Awww, he's got a Ross."
Hey. Uh, can I talk to you for a second? This, uh, kid in this picture. Do you, uh, know this kid? Is that like a relative or something?
What're you gettin' so bent out of shape for, huh? It's not like we agreed to live together forever. We're not Bert and Ernie.
Not a problem. And listen, hey! Since you're gonna be here for a while, why don't-I was thinking we uh, put your name on the answering machine.
Yeah but it's too much stuff. You know like, you got the candles and the foofy schmoofer thing here and over here you got a picture of a watering can.
Huh. Interesting. Now there are obstacles. Hot nanny and me against the world. This is the kind of stuff great novels are made of.
Yeeeeaaaahhh! What's messing you up? The wine? The candles? The moonlight? You've just got to go up to her and say, 'Rachel, I think that...'
Man, we gotta do something about that guy. This morning, I caught him looking into our apartment. It creeps me out! I feel like I can't do stuff!
Yeah, it's for the kids. To keep the kids off drugs. It's a very important issue in this month's Playboy. I'm sure you all read about it.
Yeah, so, uh, so, uh, what's the deal with this father guy, I mean, if someone was havin' my baby somewhere, I'd wanna know about it, you know?
...I'm his butt double. 'Kay? I play Al Pacino's butt. Alright? He goes into the shower, and then- I'm his butt.
That's what I wanted to hear! Because she's family, ok, and now you're gonna be family, and there is nothing more important in the whole world, than family.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! Before you start handing out wedding rings and planning bachelor parties, don't you have to decide who your best man is gonna be?
Oh great! Y'know I would've been perfect for this part, but whatever! Y'know, thanks for making a bad decision and ruining your movie! Good day!
No! No, I-I just wanna thank you guys for what you did for my parents, that was really sweet. They're so happy they get to be a part of your special day.
A date?! No, no Pheebs you-you must be mistaken, because I know you wouldn't schedule a date on the same night you have plans with a friend!
But I-I-I can't stay too long, I gotta get up early for a commercial audition tomorrow and I gotta look good. I'm supposed to be playing a 19-year-old. What?
Look, I don't know why the kids need a youth center anyway! Y'know? They should just watch TV after school like I did and I turned out fine!
Oh my god, that is great! That is *** for a play on broadway... and in a real theatre, not that little one underneath the dally like last time.
You know what it is? It's a nice place but I gotta see I don't know if I see myself living here. Oh, oh, oh, let me see... Yeah, I could see it.
I'm telling you, that monkey is a chick magnet! She's going to take one look at his furry, cute little face and it'll seal the deal.
"Take could care of your Momma son." "Take could care of your Momma son." "Come on son! Your Momma's good people!"
Will you hurry up? Did you not hear me before when I told you that all of Janine's friends are dancers?! And that they're going to be drinking alot!?
Thanks man. Did you hear that, you guys? You're gonna get to stay here! And, and it's good, you know, 'cause, 'cause now you have a reason to come visit.
Come on, Ross, that didn't mean anything! She just had the baby, she was all freaked out about doing it alone, she would have said yes to anybody.
Yeah. Well, so far yeah. But it's tough you know? I got all this built up flirting energy and I don't know how to get rid of it. How you doin?
Ooh! A tape with a girls name on it. It's probably a sex tape... Wait a minute... This says Monica... And this is Richard's apartment...
Well my old man is doing a plumbing job down there and he heard they have an opening. So, you want me to see if I can get you an interview?
An-an-anyway I-I just wanted to say that since I'm getting your brain when you leave the show, I was wondering if there was any tips you can give me...
Well, hey! Well... Here's to Phoebe, who's found the greatest guy in the world! To Phoebe and... I wanna say Mike? To Phoebe and Mike!
Well I tell ya, I should probably buy a place in the city first. And I just got what you meant again-That is-I tell ya, that is a tricky one!
Hey, finished my recommendation. Here. And I think you'll be very, very happy. It's the longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn.
Joey's your best friEnd. You want to make him a cheese sandwich everyday. And you also want to buy him hundreds of dollars worth of pants.
Don't move! Don't go! I need you! My audition is tomorrow! Shah blue blah! Me lah peeh! Ombrah! . Pooh.
So what's really neat. If you sear the stems of the flowers first in a frying pan, your arrangement will look fresh much longer.
All you want is a dingle, What you envy's a schwang, A thing through which you can tinkle, Or play with, or simply let hang...
No. It just seems like Ross is the kind of a guy that would marry a woman on the verge of being a lesbian and then push her over the edge.
No! No! No! You guys were totally right! This is so much better than the first time we went out. Y'know? That was so awkward, we were really nervous.
And I couldn't find this little plastic thing that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!
Okay. I will. Ohh! Check out what they got me to wear for the ceremony! Huh? I wear it like this when I marry you guys, and then this is for party time.
No I mean it! I can't believe they would do this to you! And to your fans! I mean they are going to be devastated! Heart broken! They love you so much!
The blizzard. I just saw on the news, it's like the worst snow storm in 20 years! They already closed all the bridges and tunnels.
No man, that's huge! Now, I know I can stand to be around her, which means I get to hang out with you, which is kinda the whole point, anyway.
Oh man, this is great, uh? The three of us together again! You know what would be fun? If we gave this present to Emma from all of us!
I'm sorry. I'm 28 years old, I've never lived alone, and I'm finally at a place where I've got enough money that I don't need a roommate anymore.
All right, I should get going, big day a work. Y'know I'm in a coma? Today, they do this test on me and it turns out I'm not brain dead.
Only if you think it's better than this... snow-in-a-can!! I got it at work. Mon, you want me to decorate the window, give it a kind of Christmas lookie.
Yeah, I guess. It's just parents, after a certain point, you gotta let go. Even if you know better, you've gotta let them make their own mistakes.
Okay. Rachel and Phoebe are already there, okay? So they probably started without us. We could just slip in and no-one needs to know where we were!
Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her breakfast. You know, after having slept with her.
Ok all right, no, no, no, no, I do, I do, I do, I need your help, but Chandler I don't know if I can take anymoreplucking. It hurts so bad!
Look I don't know this baby. I don't know if she's a famous artist or not. You know, and I don't want to be a jerk but you're changing too much around here.
Yes!! Ha-ha!! All right! Hey! How cool would it be if you could watch like a real life-sized version of this? Huh? I mean how crazy would that be?
All right, hold on! Hold on. Hold on. This is Ross, okay? He's our friend. He obviously went crazy. He obviously lost his mind.
Yeah? Well look Ross, you don't have to. Okay? It's not your fault I suck. I mean what kind of an actor can't even say, "Hmm, noodle soup."
Dude, chill! Okay, we also kissed in Barbados, but we didn't plan it, okay? And the only reason that that happened was because I saw you kissing Charlie.
Sure, it's hard to forget! But that doesn't mean you have to talk about it! A lot of things happened on that trip that we should never, ever talk about.
I told you not to move it! Rach, how would you feel if say, I wanted to move you mom, and you said don't, and I did it anyway and her head fell off?
FINE, ok, if you love this house so much, then you should just live here, okay? I just hope you get used to that weird humming sound. Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...
Yeah. Listen uh, I'd prefer it if you didn't call me Joey. Since I don't know anyone here, I thought it'd be cool to try out a cool work nickname.
Hello! Oh yeah! It's the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references. Ross is the greatest guy you'll ever meet! Yeah, he's very reliable.
Oh, that's what she meant! You know, if they're gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum, and avoid all the confusion!
You wanna see what I got? Okay? I've got a baby Tootsie Roll, a movie stub, keys, a Kleenex, a rock, and an army man. Hey!
God, I just, I hate her! I hate her!! With her, 'Oh, I'm so talented.' and 'Oh, I'm so pretty,' and 'Ooh, I smell so good.'
Now, see, I don't believe any of that. I think once you're dead, you're dead! You're gone! You're worm food! ...So Chandler looks gay, huh?
These new kids, they never last. Sooner or later, they all...stop lastin'. Listen, uh, what do you say I buy you that cup of coffee now?
Yeah, you could go to the game with me, ah, even though I know you said you couldn't. But then you lied to me and tricked me and gave me a bump on the head.
God, you're beautiful...why are we fighting this?You know you want it to happen as much as I do. Joey: I want you.I need you.Let me make love to you.
Oh my God! I didn't feel a thing ! Hey, are you still looking for a job because you can tweeze circles aroundthat sadistic bitch at the saloon.
Nah, I'm too depressed to eat. I'll probably eat in like 5 minutes. So I guess I'll just fly home with you guys, what time's your flight?
No, I do six things! First, I look deep in her eyes. Then, I kiss her. Next I take my hand and I softly graze her thigh.
Or maybe it's because this guy's doing so good they wanna put more people on it. You should see this guy, Chandler, he goes through two bottles a day.
Ah yeah-wait a second now! Look we're gonna have to set a spending limit on the date. I don't have the money to take her to a fancy place like that.
Oh-no-no-no, you are! You do this, you give me the great advice, and hey listen, I was thinking about what you said yesterday about focusing on one woman, I'm gonna do that.
Yeah! Yeah, I've been trying to find ya to tell to stop messing with her and maybe I would have if these damn boat shoes wouldn't keep flying off!
Uhh, well, right now I'm in between things. You know how it is. One day you're processing, the next day you're not so much... processing any more.
Quack, quack, tweet, tweet, quack, quack, tweet, tweet, quack, quack, tweet, tweet, quack, quack, tweet, tweet, quack, tweet, quack...
And I know both of them, they're really good. One of them is the guy from those allergy commercials who's always getting chased by those big flowers...
What are you talking about? It was a big deal. I mean, come on you can't tell me last night didn't mean something to you. I-I was there, you're not that good an actress.
Wait! Terry! Wait-Look-Wait I-I... Look, I'm really sorry about before. I was an idiot thinking I'm too big to audition for you. You gotta give me another chance.
No that's not what I was going to say at all. No, what I was going to say is when you're 90 you'll still have the memory of what it was like to be with a 20-year-old.
Hey-hey-hey-hey, I can help you decide who should do it! Yeah, we could have like uh, like an audition and see how you'd handle maid of honor type situations.
No, was my best friend. Anyway, I don't know why you're pushing for him so hard. With him out of the way as my best friend, there's a spot open.
I'm afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a..subcranial hematoma. Perhaps we can discuss this over coffee.
All right, look, you got to help me out, ok? Look, I have the magic marker, I want you to fill in the skinny one soI don't look stupid for my pictures.
Yeah, three days on the lake without a shower. Plus! I fell in that big tub of worms at the bait stand! Hey, how-how's he doing?
Look, I'm sorry but that's what Joseph does, ok. If you try to pull somethin', he'll call you on it. 'What're you tryin' to pull,' he'll say.
Wow! Look at this! He wrote a check for 50,000 dollars to Hugo Ligrens Ring Design. Oh, sorry, what do you think the good news is?
Everything on your application looks really good-Ohh! Just one last question umm, are you and your friends gonna be over here all the time like partying and hanging out?
What, are you crazy? You haven't beaten me once since my injury plagued '97 season. It would be easier if you just give me your money.
Aw! Look at that, every inch of this stuff is glued down. It'd take forever to pry this up. You should ah, you should just leave it.
I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean There are things you do..and you now, things.. that you don't do .
Oh Monica, listen, I ah, I saw down at the hardware store, they got those designer tiles on sale. If you ever want to redo the bathroom floor.
Yes you are. I think it may be time for my sponge bath. Sorry, I'm just so used to hitting on the extras. So, are you excited about your scene?
Let me get this straight. He got you to beg to sleep with him, he got you to say he never has to call you again, and he got you thinking this was a great idea.
Hey, I wasn't the only one who looked like an idiot. All right? Remember when Ross tried to say, "Butternut squash?" And it came out, "Squatternut buash?"
Well, you gotta give him something that he can't say no too. Like uh, Knicks tickets! Invite the guy to a Knicks game, you're guaranteed he'll say yes!
Oh my God! That's huge! Wait a minute, why come I wasn't invited? And who was going to be your best man? Don't say, "Ross." Do not say, "Ross."
Oh wow Wayne, it's not really something you can teach y'know? It's pretty much something you're born with if you--You-you can teach it! I'll show you right how to do it.
Oh... oh, but that's ok, I'll find someone else to do it... I'll do it alone, but... I don't know what happens if the sea turtle catches you...
Come in. Thanks for comin' back, umm, okay there have been a lot of people interested in the room, but I have narrowed it down and you are one of the finalists!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, whoa. Do you ah, want to get her something speacial, get her flowers, get her candy, get her gum, girls love gum.
Oh we're not out. No, no. We're just uh, two heterosexual guys, hanging with the son of our other heterosexual friend, doin' the usual straight guy stuff.
Okay, now uh, in terms of the invite list, I've got you, me, and Chandler and I'm gonna invite Gunther 'cause, well, we've been talking about this pretty loud.
Hey, I'm not interested in her sweater! It's what's underneath her sweater that counts. And besides, since ah, since when do you care who I'm going out with?
I may have to, I hate to do it, but I'm the star! Y'know? There's a limit to how many sandwiches I can eat off the floor. Excuse me. Joey Tribbiani.
Oh. Well, the way I see it, the guy's upset here, y'know? I mean, his wife's dead, his brother's missing... I think his butt would be angry here.
Yeah, he's the reason I didn't get that big Minute Maid commercial a couple of years ago remember? We were supposed to be brothers, but he messed it up.
Oh well-Hey-hey! Maybe, maybe uh, maybe this is a good thing. Y'know? It'll-it'll give you a chance to shake things up, play different characters. You're so talented.
Whoa, hey, maybe I'll go down there with ya and see if I can get an audition to play the dad. I mean who better to play Ben's father than his godfather.
But hey, listen just so you know, you might have you're work cut out for you. 'Cause when I talked to her, I kinda got the feeling that she's into some other guy. So...
Hey! You hold on pal! Now you made my friend, Rachel, cry. So now, you're gonna go up there and apologize to her, unless you want me to call the landlord.
Come on! Look just-just tell-let her know that you really want them to be there. Let's not forget, this is a woman that has sent you many lasagnas over the years.
No, yeah, no, ok, but not yet. I don't wanna seem too eager. One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi. That seems pretty cool. Hey, Angela.
Yeah! Well, now that you brought it up, our fridge is broken. We have to get a new one. Now, I checked around and your half is $400. Thanks a lot.
She said she wants to slather my body with stuff and then lick it off. I'm not even sure what slathering is, but I definitely want to be a part of it.
All right look, let me show you the catalog! See? Huh? It's the latest thing! Everyone's got one! Men! Women! Children! Everyone's carrying them!
I went back to Riffs. I think Ursula likes me. All I ordered was coffee, she brought me a tuna meltt and four plates of curly fries.
Wait! Terry! Please! Look, I just lost my other job. Okay? You have no idea how much I need this. Please, help me out, for old times sake.
Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and it's nothin'. You look at me, and nothin'. Nothing.
Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and nothin'. You look at me, and it's nothin'. Nothing.
It really hit me last night. I'm gonna be on Days of our Lives. And then I started thinkin' about all of u, and how these are the days of our lives..
No! Everything's gettin' all messed up, y'know? Emily won't let Ross see Rachel, we're not gonna stop seeing Rachel, hence Ross stops seeing us!
Uh-uh, excuse me, I do have to interrupt on Ross's behalf. I-I think the rule applies here y'know, since she has a chance to get on broad back...
You're a lucky man. You know what I miss the most about her? That cute nibbly noise when she eats. Like a happy little squirrel, or a weasel.
Here's a little tip, she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and over again until it starts to get a little red.
Yes! I win again! Ha-ha! That's like 500 bucks you owe me! Whoo-ho-hoo! $500 that is a loooot of electricity! Whoo-ho-ho! I gotta buy some food.
I can't. It's like this chemical thing, you know. Every time she starts laughing, I just wanna pull my arm off just so that I can have something to throw at her.
He's right, enough, already. What is the big deal about today? So you slept with her for the first time, so what? You slept with her for seven years after that.
I know, but, I was the best, you know? I liked being the best. I don't know. Maybe I should just get outta the game. They need guys up in housewares to serve cheese.
Look at you, all sweet and innocent, sleeping like an angel... with Emma's chubby little hands wrapped around ya. It's okay, Emma, you stay asleep.
I kn-I know! I know! Okay? And apparently tomorrow when I go in to meet the director I have to take off my clothes so that they can see what my body looks like.
What? No, the only reason I'm going to their stupid new house, is so I can point out everything that's wrong with it, so they don't move. I'm gonna make them stay here.
Yeah. You know? You just... Look, you gotta... You gotta think about last night the way she does, okay? Maybe, maybe sleeping together was the perfect way to say goodbye?
Hey-hey-hey-ho-ho, I got this one. Here you go. Y'know I gotta tell ya, sometimes I just-I don't get Chandler. Y'know, me and him do stuff all the time without you and you don't get all upset.
Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm... "brainy, bright, clever", I love this thing! Look out ladies, Joey Tribbiani's got the whole package!!
Well, no, not exactly! All right, look, I, I wasn't trying to save Ross. Okay? My sandwich was next to Ross. All right? I was, I was trying to save my sandwich.
Listen uh, I'm really sorry, it looks like I'm gonna be stuck here for a while. I got the transmission fluid, but when I went to put it in the car, the transmission wasn't there!
Look, I told ya, I'm not going to any clinic! I don't have a problem, you're the one with the problem! You should go to a "Quit being a baby and leave me alone" clinic!
So you're playing a little Playstation, huh? That's whack! Playstation is whack! 'Sup with the whack Playstation, 'sup?! Huh? Come on, am I 19 or what?!
Priesthood! Look Ross, I'm telling you, she has no idea what you're thinking. If you don't ask her out soon you're going to end up stuck in the zone forever.
I can't believe it's Christmas already. Ya know, I mean, one day your eatin' turkey, the next thing ya know, your lords are a-leapin' and you geese are a-layin'.
Are you calling you people? Yeah, well sorry to burst that bubble, Pheebs, but selfless good deeds don't exist. Okay? And you the deal on Santa Clause right?
AH HAH! I DID IT! HA HA! Alright... Better take all I can carry. Who knows when i'll be able to get in here again!
Dude, this isn't funny! What am I gonna do?! I go to bed last night, everything's cool! I wake up this morning, the stripper's gone and the ring is gone!
Well, I had the audition but Gunther said I had to stay here and be in charge so he could go get his hair dyed. So, I went anyway, and then he fired me.
Hey! Don't worry about it! It was fine! I ended up having the best time with Rachel! I just felt bad for you, stuck in that room, working on Ross's speech...
What? Were you like in the movie, or... Anyway, she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out the sleeve. Very sexy, and classy.
Yeah! Yeah! Right down there. Hey listen; let me give you a little tip. Do not take a nap on this stoop or you can wake up with your shoes gone.
Ohh, you're upset because you think I chose Ross over you! No! I...knew...you could take care of yourself. Y'know, I mean Ross, he need help. He's not street like us!
Bijan for men? Bijan for men? Bijan for... Hey, Annabelle, Uh, listen, I was wondering if maybe after work you and I could go maybe grab a cup of coffee.
Oh, uh, hey Rach. I uh, I was just coming over here to uh... Oh wait, I don't have to lie to you, you don't live here anymore. Uh, I'm eating their food. What are you doing?
Okay. Well, if that's how you feel about it, fine! None of you get to live with me in my great big hand-shaped mansion! Except uh, you Pheebs. You can live in the thumb.
Well then tell me things like, 'Joey you'll be fine,' and, 'Hang in there,' and, and, 'Somethin' big's fonna come along, I know it.'
Well, I'm makin money now and this is payin' you back for head shots, electric bills, and so many slices of pizza I can't even count. I love ya man.
Uh, I don't know. Ya see, it's just, see I was a regular on a soap opera y'know? And to go from that to this, I just... Plus, I'd have to wait on all my friends.
Look, you and I have been given a gift. Okay? We have to do something with it. Like-like, hand modeling! Huh? Or-or magic! And you know NASA's gonna wanna talk to us!
Well, okay. You were my girlfriend and we were doing the crossword puzzle. Y'know like you guys were doing last night. So, that's it. I'm in love with Monica and I'll be moving out.
I did. I thought it'd be great. I figured I'd have like, time alone with my thoughts but, ya know, it turns out I don't have as many thoughts as you'd think.
I don't get it! It was in my room all night! And if she didn't take it, and I didn't take it; and you didn't take it, then who did? Shh! We're trying to think!
I wish I could but I just found out that I have to be at work really early the next day, so I can't go, but, you know, take the extra ticket and invite whoever you want.
Yeah, it's this great part, this boxer named Nick. And I'm so, so right for it, y'know, he's just like me. Except he's a boxer, and has an evil twin.
Because it's all tainted with your betrayal. From now on this apartment is empty for me! And I'm not happy about you either. Oh, and just so you know, I made that bread for you.
Man, I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine, after we broke up. She was just walking with her friend Donna, just laughing and talking. God, it killed me.
Yeah, for sure. Okay. Probably want the first thing to be, never open your eyes. Y'know, because you don't want to be doing something and then look up and see something you don't want to be seeing.
We broke down on the Parkway, so I have to walk back and get some transmission fluid. And hey, listen could you please tell Kathy that I'll be there as soon as I can.
Wait a minute! Why don't I do what that guy did? I'll take this $100 and turn it into $5,000! And then I'll turn that into enough money to get my movie going again!
Ok, you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.
Oh, I can't believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire, y'know? And it wouldn't matter. Now I gotta be careful?!
Really. And what do you mean you never have fun anymore? You have fun with me, remember that time we saw those strippers and you paid me 50 bucks to eat that book?
Ahh! There's gotta be a way. I mean, you know, if Monica and Chandler move out here and now Phoebe is married to Mike. That just leaves me and Ross and Rach, you know what I mean?
Anyway, it wasn't the robot, it was the guy who controls him. Yeah, he doesn't like me. He had C.H.E.E.S.E. knock over the sandwich right when I was reaching for one! Ohh!
Ok, wait wait wait wait a minute wait a minute, I mean Rach, I mean if if... . If Hugsy means that much to Emma then... well she can have him.
Hey, I'm gonna call her later! Honest! Oh come on, Chandler used to do it! He'd even make the girl pancakes! Plus, he'd make extras and leave 'em for me.
Hey, don't start judging me! Huh? You're the one who's in love with her assistant! Huh? And you, you're the one having the affair with the guy who keeps the pigeons on the roof!
Ok, uh, hey Richard, if you had an extra ticket to the Knicks game and you had to choose between a friend who smells and one who bruises you who would you pick?
No, I'm gonna!! That's right! Yeah, you made me feel really guilty about goin' out with that girl! Like-like-like I did something terrible to you! And now Pheebs, you're doing the same thing!
No, not really. They give you all the information, it's uh, it's like memorizing a script. "And on your left, you have Tyrannosaurus Rex, a carnivore from the Jurassic period.
That's right, mister, and I don't care how old you are, as long as you're under my roof you're gonna live by my rules. And that means no sleeping with your girlfriend.
It just seems so futile, you know ? All these women, and nothing. I feel like Superman without my powers, you know? I have the cape, and yet I cannot fly.
We don't need that wizard guy. We hit a couple of clubs, talked to some strangers, and uh, after this, we'll head down to the docks and see about that boat thing.
I am on fire! Chandler : Listen...this is really nice. Do you... Did you write a cheque to Monica for two thousand dollars? Did Monica borrow money from you?
Yep. I just, I just watched her sleep for like hours, just breathing in and breathing out. And then I knew she was dreaming 'cause, 'cause her eyes keep going like this.
The big deal is that it is the exact equal distance from the bathroom to the kitchen and it's at the perfect angle so you don't get any glare coming of off Stevie.
Hey! Let me ask you guys something. I have a new headshot taken tomorrow right and the photographer said she thinks Ishould have my eyebrows waxed. Is that weird for a guy?
Na, na I'm ok. Oh and uh, just so you know, I'm not movin' back in 'cause I have to. Well, I mean, I do have to. It's just that that place wasn't really, I mean, this is...
Oh my God! I cannot believe you guys are talking about this! The problems in the bedroom are between the man and the woman!!! All right?!! Now Chandler is doing the best he can!!
Look Rach, my parents bought this fridge just after I was born, okay? Now, I have never had a problem with it. Then you show up and it breaks! What does that tell ya'?
I ended up at Ross's place. Oh, I musta missed counted or something. Damn! She's not there anymore. Oh, l-l-look, Ross is doing his 'Watching TV' bit.
No, no, no. You actually did that when you were dancing to the Chicago-soundtrack. Look, Ross, about, about Rachel and I. Listen, you don't have to worry about that, okay? Because nothing is gonna happen.
Oh, hey, how about this one. Ah, it's says so in the script! Y'know ah, I-I don't know why my character likes you either, I mean it says in the script here that you're a bitch.
Wha-a how about this: Another table leaves, right? But there's still some food left on their place, okay, what's the restaurant's policy about people eatin' that?
Note the painterly lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors as his elusive subject was light itself.
When that guy was robbing us, and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down!
No you won't. Look he knows he did a terrible thing and I believe him, he's sorry. But, you've got one more apology to make, all right, you've got to apologize to Mary-Angela.
Uh huh.. uh huh... oh my God! Okay! Okay, I'll be there! That was my agent. My agent has just gotten me a job...in the new Al Pacino movie!
What's it sound like? It's a guy with my identical hands! It was incredible! Chandler, the dealer's hands were exactly like me! It-it was like looking at my hands in a mirror!
Yeah, I-I-I'm down with that. Okay, here goes. How you a-doin'? It worked! She's waving me over. Okay, I-I-I'll be right over. Let's see, she's on the third floor...
Hey, I'll be alright. I mean it's not like I'm starting from sqare one. I was Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives. Heh? I mean that's gotta have some kind of cache.
Yeah, well, that's fine, but the important thing is that I finished it. And uh, I think it's really good, but y'know it'd really help me is if I could hear it. So would you guys read it for me?
Hey. Hey look I am still Joey, okay. Flowers they're just, you know, they're nice to look at. And that happens to be a picture by a famous artist. Of a famous baby.
Pathetic mess? I know, butcome on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching! Thanks. Look, you have not been out with a woman since Janice. You're doin' this.
Pisst, Monica. Alright, we really need to start looking out for Rachel. I'll cover the front door. You watch that big hole at the back of the building and I got Chandler covering Ross.
That's not gonna work out! Then she's gonna come home all weepy and you'll be tellin' her, "Oh that's okay. You'll find someone." And then, bamn! She finds you!
Okay. Okay, okay, hey. There we go, let's get your feet up there. Good night, Kate. Sweet dreams. I'm gonna put this can right here in case you have to hurl.
Oh. Okay. Ooh! Ooh! Okay, maybe I'll talk about London! Y'know when you two hooked up! Only, only I won't say hooked up. I'll say, "Began their beautiful journey..."
"You knew this all along and you never told me? You never told me? I can never forgive you, I can never forgive myself, I have nothing to live for Bang End Scene!"
I called the sperm bank today, they haven't sold a single unit of Tribianni. Nobody wants my product. I mean, I-I-I don't get it Maybe if they met me in person.
Look, it's not about her. Okay? But seeing you two together just reminds me of what you did. And I don't want to live with some one who doesn't know what it is to be a friend. So, I'll see ya.
And, and just so you know, if you wanted to expand this scene like, like have the cab crash or somethin', I could attend to the victims 'cause I have a background in medical acting.
Rach, come on! They are announcing the numbers! My God, I can already feel myself changing. TV: "Here we are, the official Powerball numbers! We have 53"
Can you believe this? Al Pacino! This guy's the reason I became an actor! "I'm out of order? Pfeeeh. You're out of order! This whole courtroom's out of order!"
come on, come on, search your brain all right. it was a certain amount of time ago, I was here you were here, we had sex here, here, here NOT there. Anything?
That's not a bad idea. Yeah. Okay, but if I got to turn on the charm tomorrow I'm not wasting anymore of it over here with you guys. Well, actually I got a little bit saved for you Pheebs.
Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
Just casually slip it in, y'know lay the groundwork. Tell her uh, I'm a loner-No! An outlaw! Tell her she doesn't want to get mixed up with the likes of me.
Okay. All right. Umm, so uh, so how did it happen? Did your eyes meet across the room? And then the next thing y'know you're in the bathtub together and she's feeding you strawberries?
HEY! I never have an off night ok although sometimes when I'm a little bloated I don't feel very sexy BUT EVEN THEN I'M BETTER THEN MOST!
Uh, yeah... This guy at work got me excited about going in on an emu farm. That'd be kinda cool huh? Pitchin' in on the weekends, helping to plant the emus...
That's not food...No, I don't, no... Everything's different here...I want to go home. I...I miss my family. I miss the coffee house. I can't even remember what Phoebe looks like.
Oh, really? You know what your great friend did? We're out to dinner, ok? We're getting along, having a really nice time. I was thinking she was really cool. And then, out of nowhere...
Felicity and I, we're watching My Giant, and I was thinking, "I'm never gonna be as good an actor as that giant." Do you think I'm just wasting my life with this acting thing?
All right! Thanks! You're the best! Now listen, the last day of auditions is Thursday. Okay? So I gotta get in there by Thursday. Okay? Just remember Thursday. Thursday. Can you remember Thursday?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Monica, what're you doin'? This is a poker game. You can't serve food with more than one syllable. It's gotta be like chips, or dip, or pretz...
You should see the treatment I get when I'm with that car! People are friendly; they-they wanna talk, and not just about the car! One guy gave me advice about my equity investments.
Well, I didn't realize until I got home. I wasn't gonna walk all the way back down here with one shoe! Y'know what? I'm gonna go find that guy's car and leave a note on the windshield.
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You just take a big, big swing. Now, don't hold back. and Phoebe picks up a wooden baseball bat and starts to swing as Chandler and Monica enter.)
Oh, hold up, I'll walk out with you. Now, Rach, when she taught you to kiss, you were at camp, and.. were you wearing any kinda little uniform, or- That's fine, yeah...
Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani... Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home right now... Okay, bye bye. She was nice!
Thank you. Wait wait wait wait, you see me again. Hang on, the guy's butt's blockin' me. There I am, there I am, there I am, there I am, there I am. . .
Too long! Oh my God, Rach, I've been dying to talk to someone about this for so long! Listen, listen, we can't say anything about this to anybody, they're so weird about that! Listen...
Uh, de-clawing cats. Hey, tell ya what. Let me walk you home. We'll stop by every news stand and burn every copy of their Times and the Post.
Joey Tribbiani! From the wall! Okay, maybe this will jog your memory, huh? Huh? Okay eh-ah-anyway, I'm ready to go back up on the wall I'm the star of a new TV show.
Yeah, well, I still got a week left to go in the program, and according to the rules, if I want to get the money I'm not allowed to conduct any... ersonal experiments, if you know what I mean.
Yeah-Hey, don't worry, she's a terrific girl. And hey listen, could you do me a favor? When she comes out could you just mention that I'm not looking for a serious relationship; that'd be great.
Uh, well yeah-yeah, I've got all of that going on. Yeah, listen uh, I want you to make sure you tell Chandler that he couldn't have been more wrong! Uh-oh! I gotta go Monica, my uh, my sushi's here!
Hard to tell, they're so tiny and upside-down. Wait, wait. They're walking away... they're walking away... No, no they're not, they're coming right at us! Run! Run!
Okay. Table, you have given us so many great times. And you guys, Jordan, Victor, Joel... All of you guys. What can I say? You guys make us look good. You wanna say anything?
Yeah, yeah, okay. Uh, look buddy, I came with that girl, and I had this plan to kiss her at the new years countdown &#150; I'm trying to win her over, so I was wondering if..
Oh, you have no idea. And-and when we're on stage I get to-to kiss her and-and touch her, but then she goes home with the director, and it's like somebody's ripping out my heart!
More back talk. And yes, I may be borrowing a few lines from my recent unsuccessful audition for "Family Honor 2: Thissa Time Itsa Personal."
Ugh! I don't know what I'm going to do! I called the company that sent and th-they don't care! Then I called 9-1-1 and they laughed at me, if this isn't an emergency, then what is?
Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so smashed in that the only doctor that could have saved me was me. Supposed to be some kind of irony or somethin.
Maybe you can tell me. My agent would like to know why I didn't show up at the audition I didn't know I had today. The first good thing she gets me in weeks. How could you not give me the message?!
It's like if you woke up one day and found out your dad was leading this double life. He's like actually some spy, working for the C.I.A. That'd be cool.... This blows!
Y'know, I-I don't even feel like I know you anymore man! All right, look, I'm just gonna ask you this one time. And whatever you say, I'll believe ya. Were you, or were you not on a gay cruise?!
Because... look, no one wants this to happen more than me, ok? I have gone over this moment in my head a hundred times and not once did I ever say no! I couldn't do it to Ross!
And while we're down at the video store, you know what else we could rent? Die Hard! Oh, y'know what? I just remembered, that Everest thing is only available through mail order.
Hey, see that? He just needed his pal to come home. All right, uh, I've got to go memorise my lines. Me and Charlton Heston bright and early tomorrow morning! Yeah-yeah!
Well, I think we've all learned something about who's disgusting and who's not. Eh? All right, now, I'm going to get back to my bucket. I'm only eating the skin, so the chicken's up for grabs.
I mean, this soap opera is a great gig, but... am I missing opportunities? You know, I've always thought of myself as a serious actor. I mean, should I be trying to do more independent movies?
Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?
Uhh, because I'm shooting a scene right now. Yeah, I uh, I play a gladiator. Uh, y'know what? Hold-hold on a second. Can we cut? Yeah, my-my friends are here, I'm gonna take a little break.
I mean, there's no way I can make myself taller now, y'know? And who knows what science will come up with in the future, but Chandler, what if I die an unsuccessful, regular sized man?
Maybe that's okay. You know? Maybe, maybe it is better this way? I mean, now, now you can move on. I mean, you've been trying to for so long, maybe now that you're on different continents.. Right?
Well y'know, I've been walking the same way since high school. Y'know, y'know how some guys they walk into a room and everybody takes notice. I think I need a 'take notice' walk.
But, hey, look, you know the good thing is, is that we spent the whole day together and I survived, and what's even more amazing, so did she. It was bat day at Shea Stadium.
Great...Great...and thanks for being so understanding. I mean, I didn't want to make a big deal out of this, you know. You could, uh, put the picture of the famous baby in my room. I mean, if you want to.
Okay, all right, whew! What do you say we all clear out of here and let these two lovebirds get back down to business? Hey-hey-hey, I-I-I'm just talking here, he-he's the one doing your sister.
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Like-like when I'm doing something exciting and I don't wanna get too excited, I just ahh, y'know try to thing of other things like ah sandwiches, and ah baseball, and ah Chandler!
Look, there's nothing I can do for him right now, he's still in his sweat pants, that's still Phase One. Y'know? I'll be back for Phase Two, I would never miss Phase Two.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, let's poke. Steady. Steady. Okay, a little higher. Careful of the angle. Okay, okay, we're approaching the window Thread the needle. Thread the needle.
Apparently, there's like a million guys out there that can play Mac, and there's only this one robot and this one guy who controls it! I didn't know he could get me fired! What am I going to do?
I mean, the job's easy and the money's good, you know? I guess I'm going to be hanging out here anyway. I might as well get paid for it, right? I just feel kind of weird serving you guys.
It is me! It's a musical version of Tale of Two Cities. So I think I'm gonna sing New York, New York, and ah, oh I left My Heart in San Francisco.
Yes! Yes!! And every time you look at it, I want you to remember that you are a good person. Okay, you've had the chance to cheat, and with me, but you didn't. And that's what this ring stands for.
After she gave me that big speech?! She goes and makes a date with a guy on the same night she has plans with me? I think she's trying to pull a fast one on Big Daddy!
Oh, ehm...I'm...I'm rehearsing my lines.They gave me a big romantic story on Days Of Our Lives. It's the first time my character's got one. I'm so nervous, you know, I really want it to be good!
Okay, all right, this is how it's going to work. We're gonna give you hypothetical maid of honor situations and you will be scored on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being the highest.
Oh, come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla chips! He-he plays soccer with the cartoon tiger!
Well, we're, we're just goin' over here so that we can get away from the horrible flesh eating virus, for the love of God woman, listen to me. Is he lookin', is he lookin'?
Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!" I don't need that kind of talk in my house!
Uhh, hello Miss Buffay. I know where your dog is. I want you to know that he'll be returned to you, almost as good as new, within, within 24 hours. Uh, goodbye.
Twelve hundred dollars? You think I have $1200? I'm home in the middle of the day, and I got patio furniture in my living room. I guess there's a few things you don't get from book learnin'.
Okay Rach, that muffin and espresso, $4.50. Ross, double latte, $2.75. Chandler, coffee and a scone, $4.25. And Pheebs, herbal tea, $1.25. So, all together that's $12.75.
And I gotta pay rent! Look, how-how about this? You don't fire me, instead I stay here, I gain their trust, and they'll start listening to all the nice things I've been saying about you.
Well, see when you're acting you need to think about stuff like that. My character, Joseph the processor guy, has two little girls, Ashley and Brittany. Ashley copies everything Brittany does.
Yeah! Well, I think we'll see if they actually let you play. Huh? I mean they tell you anything you want to hear like-like, "You look 19," and then they just take it away like-like, "No you don't."
What's the big deal? You just say what you want to do to her. Or what you want her to do to you. Or what you think other people might be doing to each other. I'll tell you what. Just try something on me.
Ohh, well, that's ok then. But, okay my towels for instance. I come in to the bathroom here and my towel is not on the floor where keep it. It's up here on some hook..and...smells different.
But I got to act with a robot Pheebs, and-and I don't know anything about technology! I can't even use Chandler's computer except to find porn! And-and that's only 'cause it's right there when you turn it on!
Hey! As soon as it stops raining we have got to go snorkeling! Some kid told me about the sea turtle and, if you blow bubbles in its face, it chases ya!
Very funny Ross! Very life-like and funny. Okay. Oh no-no-no, I wasn't waving at you lady. Whoa, maybe I was! Hey, Monica, this totally hot girl in Ross's building is flirting with me.
All right, here's a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so much! All right, I got to go to work I'm delivering twins today, but only one of them is mine!
Well, it's like, last night, I couldn't do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man, oh man, it was like a ticker tape parade!
Uh, listen Phoebs, I know you're not goin' in there but do you think it'd be alright if I went in and used his bathroom? Oh, that's fine, never mind. Cool, snow, kinda like a blank canvas.
Sure. I went through the exact same thing with Alicia Mae Emory... The waiting, the wandering... Then one day... I get that call from Toys "R" Us... She was in stock!
Oh, what about that thing he did when he tipped the guy who showed us to our seats. You never even saw the money, it was like this. Hey Chandler, thanks for showing us to our seats .
See after the scene, Mr. Beatty comes up to me and says 'good actor, bad kisser'. Can you believe that, me not a good kisser, that's like, like Mother Theresa, not a good mother.
No! No! No Pheebs, I'm not gonna yell at you. I just y'know, started thinking about you and David and I...remember how bummed you were the first time he left. And I just... Oh Pheebs, come here. Are you okay?
No! I want an award I did win! But nobody's giving me any of those! Plus-Hey Rach, if-if I put it up there right? When people come over they'll see it and they'll think I won it.
Why don't you go see Frankie? My family's been goin' to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait, 16. No, 'scuse me, 15. All right, when was 1990?
Yes, I'm afraid it is. You deserve much better than me Erica. You deserve to be with the real Drake, he's the one you fell in love with. Go to Salem, find him, he's the guy for you.
Yes, now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there, the first guy Rachel sees is you, She's gotta know that you're everything he's not! You're like, like the anti-Paolo!
Yep, this kiss thing is defiantly a problem, Mr. Beatty wants to see it again on Monday. Man, I gotta figure out what I'm doing wrong. Oh, okay, one of you girls come over here and kiss me.
I'm sorry but we've got to get rid of all this girlie stuff in here. I, uh, I got to be a man! Okay. The living room has to remain a guy place, okay? That's just the way it has to be.
Look at this clown! Just because he's got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. Get out of the way jackass! Who names his boat Coast Guard anyway?
Hey, this is ridiculous. I'll tell you what. After I get back from my neice's christening, I'll go down to the coffee house with you and we'll all have a nice cup of coffee alright. No problem, Joey's there.
Oh yeah, sure, that makes sense. Yeah. 'Cause you already told her you love her and she didn't say it back, then she called you and told you that there's another guy, so yeah, go to London that'll scare her!
The question should be Rach, what is not so great about the shining. Okay? And the answer would be nothing. All right? This is like the scariest book ever. I bet it's way better than that classic of yours.
Why don't you ask Chandler, 'cause he's the one that fooled around with her. She told me you said you could really fall for her. Now is that true? Or are you just gettin' over Janice by groping my sister.
No, no. Nurse With Tray doesn't know Joey, she doesn't have time for friends. She gets in that operating room and she carries that tray to the doctor, because if she doesn't, people die!
Look, Rach, Rach! I've been with my share of women. In fact, I've been with like a lot of people's share of women. The point is, I've never felt about anyone the way Ross felt about you.
There's my scene, there's my scene. "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's neurosurgeon. I'm afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a..."
Oh yeah, yeah, she's great, but... I kinda got the feeling that she was sort of... coming on to me. And I definitely would get the part if I would've... you know... if I would have sent the Little General in.
Aaahhh, look at you two... holding hands... huh is this getting serious? Have you not talked about it yet? Am I making you uncomfortable? If you were bigger you'd hit me, huh...? Aaaaaahhhhhh.
Yeah, I figure they'll love it at the new house, you know? It has that big backyard. And then, when they get old, they can go to that special farm that Chandler took the other chick and duck to.
Okay, hey, museum geeks, party's over. Okay. Wave bye-bye to the nice lady. There you go. Back to your parent's basement. All right. Come on boys, come on out! Here you go. All right.
Oh, you're kidding me! All-all right, well make sure you tell him that Joey Tribbiani stopped by to drop off all of these clothes. Okay? I'm an actor; I'm kinda getting my picture up there on the wall.
Oh...baby-proofing... Why is this such a big deal now? Y'know, when I was a kid it was like.. "Whoops! Joey fell down the stairs!" or er.. "Whoops! Joey electrocuted himself again!" Huh!
Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and blew this chick's skirt right up. Oh! Which reminds me, I'm also thankful for thongs.
I do. There's uh, let's see, Guy With a Mustache, Smokes-A-Lot Lady, Some Kids I've Seen, and A Red-haired Guy Who Does Not Like To Be Called Rusty.
It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this.
What? No, no, no! No, no... no... no, no... No, too much is changing, okay? First, Phoebe getting married Congratulations! ... and then these two move into a stupid house in the stupid suburbs...
Yeah, you've been avoiding her ever since we started going out. Look, I made an effort to like Janice, now I think it's your turn to make an effort to like Kathy by going out to dinner with us. Right?
Thursday! Look if you need help remembering think of like this, the third day. All right? Monday, one day. Tuesday, two day. Wednesday, when? Huh? What day? Thursday! The third day! Okay?!
God, it's gonna so weird like when I come home and you're not here. Y'know? No more Joey and Chan's. No more J and C's. "You wanna go over to Joey and Chandler's?" "Can't, its not there."
No, I don't think it's just about just getting a girlfriend. Y'know? I mean, yeah, I can get a girlfriend! Yeah, we could sit in the chair and do crosswords, but y'know are we ever going to have y'know the closeness like-like you guys have?
Okay well that may be true. But, in-in okay, Air Force One the Russians were terrorists! And evil! And plus he kills a bunch of them! That-that-that's offensive to Russians.
Hi, here's the deal. We lost a carseat on a bus today. It's white plastic, with a handle, and it fits onto a stroller. Oh, and there was a baby in it. He wants to talk to you again.
Home sweet home, huh? Nice to, uh, get back to reality. Plus we know how the New Year's gonna go off. I guess there's no reason for all that Y2K panic, y'know? Anyway, g'night!
I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it, alright? I'm always gonna look back and wonder if it was because of my talent or because of.. y'know, the Little General.
Ah. Yeah. Well look, the thing is it's the same day as my niece's christening and I really want my parents to be there in time to see me. 'Cause my part's just in the beginning I'm not even in the rest of the show-Wedding!
I will be okay! Look Chandler, you gotta get it out of your head that I can't take care of myself. Okay? Look, I'm not gonna miss you helping me out with money. The only thing that I'm gonna miss...is you. And now the dog.
Oh, all blank, and no blank, make's blank a blank blank. Oh no-no-no, no, the end when Jack almost kills them all with that blank, but then at last second they get away. Aww!
OK, listen I've been on sets before, so let me give you a little advice, alright? It's a show, but we're just dancing, OK? It's no big deal. The important thing to remember &#150; stay cool.
I mean, it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much they can do with so little material! And the way they play with your mind! Is it there? Is it not there?
One of the virus victims called in sick, so Cathy recommended me and boom, I'm dying on the gurney. Oh Ross, Marcel just finished his last scene if you want to go down there and say goodbye.
You're right. You're right. I-I'll go tell her now before Ross finds out and I'll be gentle. I can do that. I am a gentle person. Oh, by the way. Two people screwing in there if you want to check that out.
Ooh, hey, I know how we can decide! All right, uh, I'm gonna ask you a bunch of questions and then you have to answer real fast. Okay? So uh, clear your mind Clear it right out! Clear it out! Clear!
Now, I wanna a suitcase filled with 100,000 dollars. Choo! Choo! Choo! Filled with $100,000 in small bills, and if I don't get it... Choo!! And if I don't get it, I'm gonna shoot this duck!
Okay now, before I make my final decision I uh, I just want to make sure our personalities match. Okay, so I made up a little test. Now, I'm gonna say a word and then you say the first thing that comes to mind.
No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says stuff like 'They went another way', but this, I can use this. I canna work on a new accent.
I don't know. Just uh, just tell 'em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or-No-no-no! Blame it on the post office. They hate the post office. And the Irish! But I don't think you can blame it on them so...
But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, a little cranberry sauce, and a tot! It's bad enough I can't be with my family because of my disease.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no... I think it's better if you tell him, you know. It's easier for a woman. That way, you know, if he gets mad, all you have to do is go... I didn't mean it. I'm so so--ooory.
Ohh, you know what it is? It's smudgy 'cause they're fax pages. Now when I was on Days of Our Lives as Dr. Drake Remoray, they'd send over the whole script on real paper and everything.
You may not kiss the bride. So, I guess by the powers vested in my by the state of New York and the Internet guys, I now pronounce you husband and wife. Oh wait! Do you take each other?
Alright, come on you guys, it's not that big a deal. Really... I mean, I just go down there every other day and... make my contribution to the project. Hey, hey, but at the end of two weeks, I get seven hundred dollars.
I hate this woman!! I hate her! She told everyone in the company about that info-mercial, and now they all keep asking me to open their drinks. Okay, and whenever I can't do it, they're all like-like laughing at me.
"When I think of the love that these two givers and receivers share, I can not help but envy the lifetime ahead of having and loving and giving and..." And then I can't think of a good word for right here.
Yesterday at my audition, I really had to pee, and apparently, having to pee makes me a really good actor. I got a call-back, so I'm drinking everything. Oh, by the way, that egg nog in our fridge was great!
That's right! I helped you guys out a lot in the start of your relationship. Huh? I helped you guys sneak around for like six months, and I looked like an idiot! And I was humiliated. And I only made 200 dollars!
I don't know! I really want this part! And they tell you no matter what you get asked at an audition you say yes. Like if-if they want you to ride a horse, you tell 'em you can! And just figure out how to do it later.
Come on Pheebs! I can't take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh? Ground control to Major Tom. Commencing countdown, engines on. Take your protein pills and put your helmet on!
Yeah, sure! Sure! They would uh, they would scrub the floors with it! They would use it to get the mud off their shoe. And sometimes underneath the horse would get dirty so they would stick it right...
Yeah. And look, I just want you to know that with Rachel staying here and everything, all my feelings from before are totally over, okay? And even if they weren't, when you accidentally walk in on a woman using a breast pump...
Well, remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no food or anything? Well, when Ross said Rachel at the wedding, I figured it was gonna happen again, so I hid this in here.
Here's how I know you didn't watch the tape, ok? If you had seen what was on this tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan.
Oh and Okay, and uh if anyone needs help pretending to like it, I learned something in acting class, try uh, rubbing your stomach or uh, or saying "mmm" and uh, oh oh! And smiling , okay?
Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, haven't been able to stand up since. But um, I don't think it's anything serious.
Well, I've been thinking about this whole commercial thing, y'know me going up against Ben, the two of us competing, and that can't lead to anything good. So, I think I'm just gonna step aside. I'm gonna tell them that I won't audition.
Oh... Can you imagine if I hadn't left you that last one? You two might've never gotten together. Ooh-ooh! Could you imagine if I sent that hooker up to the room like I was gonna?! It's like it was in the stars!
Well, it was a fight. . . based on serious stuff, remember. About how I never lived alone or anything. I just think it would be good for me, ya know, help me to grow or. . . whatever.
Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, fling water balloons off the roof. Remember that, those junior high kids couldn't even get theirs accross the street.
Look, Pheebs, I just, I wanna apologize for, for saying that your method was stupid and-and maybe ask you to be my teacher again. And-and I promise, I won't touch a guitar until you say I'm ready. You really think I'm ready?
It was amazing! And not just for her... uh-uh. For me, too. It's like, all of a sudden, I'm blind. But all my other senses are heightened, y'know? It's like... I was able to appreciate it on another level.
All right, well first of all I would like to say that you both performed very well. Okay? You should be proud of yourselves. And-and I would also like to say that in this competition there are no losers. Well, except for Rachel-Damnit!
Well, I'm sorry if I'm not a middle-aged black woman! And I'm also sorry if sometimes I go to the wrong audition! Okay, look, if I have to pretend I don't know about you two, then you two are gonna have to pretend there's nothing to know about.
Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...
Yeah! Yeah y'know, like warm up the crowd. Ask 'em where they're from. 'Cause in Joey Tribbiani you get a minister and you get an entertainer. I'm a minis-tainer! There is no one better! There is no one greater!
Oh, it's this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around the turn of the century. It's really classy! Oh, and the director is supposed to be the next, next Martin Scorcese.
All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay? You're hot. I'm lovable. Clearly there's a vibe going on between us. But, we're roommates and it's a huge mistake for us to continue down this road.
Okay, first-first of all, you want to make it look spontaneous. I look down , look down, keep looking down; then I look up. See? All right, now you try. Look down , you're looking down, keep looking down...
Look, maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper, he teaches guitar and look ooh, there's a nice picture of him with a little kid and THE KID'S GOT A GUITAR!!!!!!
Chandler, look they're actors. They're there to do a job, just 'cause they work together, doesn't mean they're gonna get together. I mean just 'cause it happened with Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins, it doesn't mean it's gonna happen with them.
All right, look! If this is just a big joke to you, then forget about it, all right?! This means something to me! And if it doesn't mean anything to you, then you should get out of there, otherwise you're just an idiot in a box!
I did that too! They wouldn't give me her real name or her number. They said, "If I bothered them again they'd call the police." I said, "If you talk to the police, you tell them I'm missing a ring!"
Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to meet our other half-brother, Ramone. And that's where I find the world's biggest emerald. It's really big but it's cursed.
I know! I know! Come on, please-please you guys, don't-don't be mad. I'm sure she just, she just said that stuff because she was nervous and you guys are like my best friends! Y'know? And it was our first date! Plus, she's really sick!
You are so the man! Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, 'cause my Grandma doesn't know about you two yet, and you do not want to tick her off. She was like the sixth person to spit on Mussolini's hanging body. Yeah.
Hey! Hey Chandler look, I know you're mad, but I just want to say I'm sorry. I-I was a total jerk. Completely o-over the line. Uh, I just I hate pulp! Y'know? I mean, y'know how Monica feels about low fat mayonnaise?
Is that why you bought all this stuff?! Well, y'know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there's a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I'm not gonna eat! You know why?!
Yeah and the most important thing is that it won't be some like, stranger up there who barely knows you. It'll be me! And I swear I'll do a really good job. Plus, y'know I love you guys and-and it would really mean a lot to me.
What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical too. Check it out! It's got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
Chandler, you have to start getting over her. All right, if you play, you get some fresh air, maybe it'll take your mind off Janice, and if you don't play, everyone will be mad at you 'cause the teams won't be even. Come on.
Are you kidding? Rachel loves to shop! And she has great taste! Yeah, she's the one who taught me, you don't wear white after labour day and that you always, always, always have to put on underwear when you're trying on clothes.
Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No stability. One day you're Dr. Drake Remoray, the next day you're eating ketchup right out of the bottle.
Yeah that really calms me down. And! We have so much in common! She loves sandwiches, sports, although she is a Met fan, not much of an issue now but if were ever to have kids, well that's a...
Huh? Never really thought about the writers. The scripts just kinda come to my house. But you know what? This makes me look good, which makes the show look good, which makes the writers look good so how could they be mad about that?
Really?! I like your natural color. Come on man, it's a great part. Look, check it out. I'm the lead guy's best friend and I wait for him in this bar and save his seat. Listen-listen. 'I'm sorry, that seat's saved.'
Well look, I'm breaking up with Katie so I had to put on some extra padding. Y'know? I mean, if she hits me when she's happy, can you imagine how hard she's gonna hit me when I tell her I'm taking away the Joey love?
Hey, hey, hey, hey. Look. I take a girl out, she can order whatever she wants! The more, the better! All right? Just don't order a Garden salad and then eat my food! That's a good way to lose some fingers!
Hey, don't get religious on me, ok. A guy in your position needs to be a little better at relaxing. You know. Why do you think we have the comfortable chairs? Huh...come here...sit down. Ready? Ahh!! Ohh, yeah!! Huh?!
I'm sorry! This never happened to me before! I'm an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one, and it popped open! I blame your bra!
Excuse me, Aaron? Hi! Umm, I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally, I wasn't supposed to work today, and I have this wedding that I really have to be at. It's my best friend's, and I'm officiating so I really can't work past four.
Ah, I'm-I'm walking down the aisle...Still walking. I'm about to pass the bridesmaid I hooked up with last night. Hey! I told her "Hey." And now I'm at the front with Ross. It's Phoebe. He looks pretty mad. Uh...I'd better go.
Alright look, that's it. I don't think we should see each other anymore, alright. Look, I know I should have told you this a long time ago but I am not Drake Remore, OK. I'm not even a doctor, I'm an actor. I just pretend to be a doctor.
Oh, it was great! I mean we walked all around the village. We went to this ice cream place, split a milkshake, 70/30 but still... And guess what, I'm thinking about taking her upstate to one of those bed and breakfasts.
Well, I'm pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all wrong. Those trees were born to be Christmas trees, their fulfilling their life purpose, by, by making people happy.
Oh hey come on, don't-don't-don't do this! Umm, look let-let me tell you something, okay? Now when I watch you do a scene, I'm thinking, "Boy, she-she is a great actress!" Uh but-but, I am also thinking, "She is hot!"
A handsome man enters. Hey! How's it going guys? I don't know what you two were talking about, but I'd like to say thanks to both of you. You, you wouldn't let me give up on myself, and you well you co-created Fireball. The end.
All right, look I'm sorry you guys, but it's just that I gotta get these new head shots made. And they're really expensive, y'know? I'm down to like three! Well, actually two 'cause one of 'em I kinda blackened in some teeth-Why did I do that?!
Oh yeah! I got in there myself once. My roommate bet me five bucks that I couldn't, and then he stuck a board through the handles that locked me in. Yeah. It was funny 'til I started feeling like I was in a coffin.
Hold it hold it. I gotta side with Chandler on this one. When I first moved to the city, I went out a couple of times with this girl, really hot, great kisser, but she had the biggest Adam's apple. It made me nuts.
It's not right what Emily wants you to do! She is totally--Owww!! Stop pinching me! Look, now you guys said I only had to keep my mouth shut as long as Ross was happy, right? Well he just told me that he's not entirely happy.
Come on. This guy's great. His name's Bob. He's Angela's... brother. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. Me, I go on three auditions a month and call myself an actor, but Bob is...
Ahh, alright, alright, alright, I was young and I just wanted a job, OK. But at the last minute I couldn't go through with it so they let me be the guy who comes in to fix the copier but can't 'cause there's people havin' sex on it.
That's how they do pants! First they go up one side, they move it over, then they go up the other side, they move it back, and then they do the rear. What? Ross, Ross, would you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
Uh yeah-ye-ye-ye-ye-ye-l-l-l-l-l-look the-the-the only reason that I, that I came up to you before was because well, I'm really nervous about-about being you. Y'know if you can help me capture the essence of the character. Y'know? Help me keep Jessica alive. Please?
Now YOU'RE telling me I can't see her?? You guys are killing me! She's forbidden fruit! It's like ... like she's the princess and I'm the stable boy ... Why are you doing this, huh? Did Ross tell you not to let me go over there?
Noo, more like a notebook... Damn it! Oh, if I'm building an house, the plan isn't called the 'shmoo-print'... Can't say that either? Woha... hey... In high school, I once had sex with a girl right in the middle of the...
Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave international guy. A real clothes horse. So I figure that everyone at the audition is gonna be wearing this kinda y'know, ultra-hip, high fashion stuff.
Of course we do! Mike is playing a game that we used to play in high school. Yeah, where we pretend we don't know each other. We played all kinds of games. Hey, remember the one where I punch you in the face for not being cool?!
Please I have an extremely high threshold...Holly Mother Of God! My face! My face!! I'm all right! I'm all right!Just a little bit of shock that's all but I'll be fine you can go again. I'm OK Dammit! Woman!! How Hoooow!
Thank you. Waiter! 'lright, this is gonna be fast, so try to keep up: Risotto with the shaped truffles and the roasted rip steak with the golden Chanterelles and a Bordelaise sauce and that any that stuff I just said means snails.
I know! I know! And I'm going to talk to them about it. They mean so much to me. They... They're like my family. If you guys are gonna be fighting all the time, I-I... I don't think we can be together. It just, it just can't work. It can't. I'm very upset.
No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expressway but uh, this time of day you're better off taking the budge. You were goin' for the word bridge there weren't ya. I'll have a good day.
The ones that got me the Porsche! Will you keep up! But I figured, if-if people keep seeing me just standing there, they're gonna start to think that I don't own it. So I figured I'll wash it. Right? Monica, you got a bucket and some soap I can borrow?
All right look man, I didn't want to bring this up, but Chandler, is the stupidest name I ever heard in my life! It's not even a name; it's barely even a word. Okay? It's kinda like chandelier, but it's not! All right? It's a stupid, stupid non-name!
I am so-so-so sorry. I was gonna do it! Really! But I was standing there with 327 dollars in one hand and 238 dollars in the other hand, and I was thinking, "Wow! It's been a long time since I had... 327 + 238 dollars!"
Oh yeah, yeah! He's done tons of commercials. I've seen him in like Sugar Smacks, Playstation, and that one for the phone company. In fact he was so good in that one, he actually convinced me to switch phone companies. Chandler was mad....
Actually, you know what? I am. That whole thing with Rachel made me realize that maybe I'm ready for a more serious relationship. You know? Like I'd like to meet a nice mature commitment-minded lady. And looks aren't as important as...Nah, she's gotta be hot.
Yeah, or you can teach him a lesson. Y'know? What you could do is you could rub something that really smells on your butt, all right? Then, when he goes to smack ya, his hand will smell. Now what could you rub on your butt that would smell bad?
They have a kid together, y'know. They're like, they're like a family, and if, I don't know, there's chance they could make that work, I know I wouldn't want to be the guy who stood in the way of that. Are you okay? Do you wanna ah, come poke a nude guy?
Well, he can be a little rough around the edges, so I'm gonna replace a word he used a lot, with the word "puppy." Okay, So He Said "If your puppy friend doesn't get her puppy act together, I'm gonna fire her mother-puppy ass."
Somebody opened the door to the coffee house and a raccoon came running in, went straight for your muffin and I said "Hey don't eat that-that's Phoebe's" and he said.. He said.. "Joey you stink at lying." What am I going to do?
And the winner is...Joey Tribbiani! Oh... Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn't prepare a speech. But umm, I'd like to thank my parents, who've always been there for me. I'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, Rachel...
All right, okay, this is great, uh, Chandler, you get behind the desk. And-and when she comes in hopefully, she won't recognise you because, well, why would she? Uh, okay, and then you buzz Ross and I. You be Mr. Gonzalez, and I'll be uh, Mr. Wong.
Well because you didn't give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wanted to y'know, build a foundation and be friends first. I suddenly, through no fault of my own, became irresistible to her! And her roommate!
Yeah! Right! People eat birds... Bird meat... Now do they just fly into your mouth or you go to... you go to a restaurant and you say: "Excuse me, I'll have a bucket of fried bird." Or... or maybe just a wing or...
Oh come-look, when I was a kid my dad's company gave season tickets to the number one salesman every year, all right? My dad never won! Of course, he wasn't in the sales division, but still, I never ever, ever forgot that!
All right, you know what? We don't have a choice. It's like I would have said in that sci-fi movie if I'd gotten the part. "Those are our men in there, we have to get them out! Even if I have to sacrifice the most important thing in my life; my time-machine."
Yeah you see umm, well, I'm an actor. Right? So I gotta keep my emotions right at the surface y'know? See what I'm saying? I gotta lot of balls in the air. Y'know what I mean? It's tough! Guys like me, y'know, you wander around, you're alone...
That's right I stepped up! She's my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I'd pee on anyone of you! Only, uhh, I couldn't. I got the stage fright. I wanted to help, but there was too much pressure. So-so I uh, I turned to Chandler.
Oh, it was great! Yeah, I-I walked her home, and it was amazing how much we connected, y'know? Then ah, then she passed out, but then she woke up. Yeah? And we stayed up all night talking, and now we're like totally crazy about each other!
Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town! Ben takes one lousy walk in the park and gets an audition!! I mean, way to go Ben! Man! I've been in that park a million times and no one offered me an audition.
We can't, alright? We're sorry. You have no idea how sorry, but... We promised we'd find this monkey. If you see him, he's about yea high and answers to the name Marcel, so if we could get some pictures of you, you'd really be helping us out.
No no, seriously, Chandler and I were just talkin about this. He is so much cooler than our dads. I mean, you know, our dad's are ok, ya know, but Richard is just- ow, ow. What are you kickin me for? Huh? I'm tryin to talk here.
What?! That's not fair! It's not my fault! I was off with my bride's maid! And who's to say I would've even said yes?! I mean I would've said yes. Chandler look y-y-you are making way to big a deal out of this, all right? Look, everything worked out okay!
Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok? First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying about... lying... Stop lying!
Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn't deliver. But-but-but now I know that you think being awake is an important part of friendship! So, so, so I will strive to-to stay awake for as long as I know you.
Thank you all for coming. We're here today to pay respects to a wonderful agent and a beautiful woman... ..inside. As Estelle's only two clients we would like to say a few words. Dude, where's my speech? That is entertaining. Al Zebooker everybody.
Oh! Hey right! Not a problem. I totally understand. You need to y'know make sure I don't have any horrible scars or tattoos. Don't you worry; I have nothing to hide. So there you go, that's me. One hundred percent natural! I tell ya, that has never happened before.
No-no! I used to get paid for all kinds of medical stuff, remember? Let's see uh, well I don't want to donate sperm again. I really prefer doing that at the home office y'know? Ooh-ooh, maybe they want like some of my blood or-or spit or something, huh?
I like that! A sharing buffer! Yeah! I'll order some extra fries! Maybe a plate of onion rings. Yeah. And a shrimp cocktail. And some buffalo wings. Maybe an individual pizza, uh? And some mozzarella sticks. What were we talking about?
Oh hey, no, you're not welcome. Okay, look, I hate this! You guys keep embarrassing me! Yesterday, Rachel found your razor in our bathroom and I didn't know what to say, so I said it was mine and-and that I was playing a woman in a play. And one thing led to another and
Look, c'mon, please? It's not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I am a professional actor! Oh, man, I'm two hours late for work! . Look, here's a copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in.
So, we're walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, "Hey, let's go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes," remember? And then, and then, you turn to me and say, "Nah, let's just hang out at your place." Well, that was a nice move dumb ass.
Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn't the hair straightener that started the fire. No-no, it was the candles. It's very not good leaving candles unattended. In fact, one of the first things they teach you in fire school is... Uhh... Uhh... Okay. Well, I have to go now.
Y'know what? Make fun all you want. This is a great bag! Okay? And it's as handy as it is becoming. Now, just because you don't understand something, doesn't make it wrong. All right? So from now on you guys are gonna have to get used to the fact that Joey, comes with a bag!
Uhh, look Katie, uh listen, we-we need to talk. Okay? Umm, look I like you. I-I really do, I like you a lot. Okay? But sometimes when you, when you playfully punch me like that it-it feels like someone's hitting me with a very tiny but very real bat.
Oh, it's a new TV show. Yeah. I'm up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac." Yeah, I'm a detective and I solve crimes with the help of my robot partner. He's a, he's a Computerized Humanoid Electronically Enhanced Secret Enforcer or-or "C.H.E.E.S.E."
Come on Treeger, don't say that. You just ahh, you just need more practice. Here, come on, let's ahh, let's try it again. Come on. Plus, it was, it was probably mostly my fault, anyway. I mean, y'know, I'm not really that comfortable dancing with a- We-he!! Hey!
Thank you, but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I don't want that hanging over my head. Okay? Besides, as soon as my insurance kicks in I can get all the free operations I want! Yeah, I'm thinking I'll probably start with that laser eye surgery too.
Yeah, but for a one-year-old. What's the point... the other day she laughed for like an hour at a cup. Just a cup with a picture of Elmo on it dressed as a farmer. And he's standing next to this cow and the cow says "El-moo"! Yeah... that's a funny cup!
Uh! That's a tough one. Oh! Wait a minute, this happened to me before! Yeah, I was auditioning for a play and the producer fell asleep and... no wait a minute... it was me who fell asleep... Yeah I mean hey, Shakespeare, how about a chase scene once in a while!?
Uh, well, kinda yeah. Like, remember last week when Alex was in the accident? Well the line in the script was, 'If we don't get this woman to a hospital, she's going to die.' But I made it, ' If this woman doesn't get to a hospital, she's not gonna live.'
Come on, Lydia, you can do it. Push! Push 'em out, push 'em out, harder, harder. Push 'em out, push 'em out, way out! Let's get that ball and really move, hey, hey, ho, ho. Let's I was justyeah, right. Push! Push!
Okay! Look-look-look, uh, if you're gonna be moving in with him I feel it's my responsibility to tell you the truth about him! Okay? He's a terrible roommate! Terrible! He uh, forgets to umm... Oh-oh he always, he always umm-Oh, who am I kidding! He's the best roommate ever!
All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then this one weekend, we went up to her Dad's cabin. Just me, her, and her annoying little dog Pepper. Well that night, I cooked this really romantic dinner....
I wish. No. After dinner, me, her, and Pepper all fell asleep in front of the fire. Well I woke up in the middle of the night and I saw that the fire was dying out. So, I picked up a log and threw it on. Or, at least what I thought was a log.
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa-whoa! We could have our own show! Y'know we could clap our hands together people will love it! Huh? And-and-and I wrote a song for us! This hand is your hand! This hand is my hand! Oh wait, that's your hand! No wait, it's my hand!
Yeah. He's gonna keep cheating on my ma like she wanted, she's gonna keep pretending she doesn't know even though she does, and my little sister Tina can't see her husband any more because he got a restraining order...which has nothing to do with anything except that I found out today.
Well okay, so then you're fine. The rule is when two actors are actually doing it off-stage all the sexual tension between them is gone. Okay? So as long as it's hot onstage you got nothing to worry about. It's when the heat goes away, that's when you're in trouble.
I-I think everybody's pretending they don't hear you. Anyway, look, I don't know about you and your jackets and your separate tables, but Ross is one of my best friends, and if I save him a seat, I'm telling you, he will sit in it! Ross! Ross! Over here, man! I-I saved you seat.
Shhh! This is a museum, no talking. Right down here, we have a large foot. Uhh, and over here we have Ross Geller. Everyone wave 'Hi' to Ross. Ross is one of our most important scientists, look at him, hard at work. Okay, moving right along. Come on.
I guess I'm going to have to come up with a really good reason why I wasn't there. The producers are going to be so mad at me. They sat us all down yesterday and said "Everyone has to be there at 6:00 AM sharp, that means you Tribbiani." Like.. like I was some kind of idiot.
I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin' up about something... Then I get fired off of Days Of Our Lives and he takes me down. Now he's just laughing at me. Look at him, that smug Belushi bastard, I'll...
Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm thinkin' what do I do, what do I do. . . so I just watch 'em have sex. And then I say, wait, here's my line, you know that's bad fo r the paper tray.
Well. I guess you think you're pretty special huh? Sittin' up here in your fancy small hall building. Makin' stars jump through hoops for ya, huh? Well y'know what? This is one star who's hoop... This is a star that the hoop-this hoop-I was Dr. Drake Remoray!
Over there! Before, with the bills! You tried to give some charity, I said "No," you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last night together, we had some fun, we gambled, nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now out of the blue, you start with the charity thing again!
I don't know. She's got to be taking it hard, I was like her only client. Except for this guy who eats paper. And I'm guessing he eats more money than he makes. Look, I know she's not a great agent, but she did stick with me for ten years. I'm gonna call her and hire her again.
Ross! Get a shot of this. Hey babies! These are the headlines on the day you were born! Okay, now girl baby turn away and boy babies... Check it out, huh?! This is what naked women looked like the month you were born. All right, now let's dive right into the good stuff.
Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug . This guy's Canadian . And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. Joey: Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass...
Oh. Maybe. But hey I know how I can find out. We're going to a New Year's Eve party, right? So at midnight, I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back, great! Y'know? But if she says 'Dude, what the hell are you doing?' I can say 'It wasn't me, it was New Years!'
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you really wanna know how I did it, I'll show ya. When you handed me back the card, what you didn't see was, I looked at it so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye. I just did it. I just did it, again. Here, I'll slow it down so that you guys can see it.
Look, Ross, really it's-it's no big deal. Y'know you wear a white coat, I wear a blue blazer, if that means we can't be friends at work, then so be it. Y'know, hey I understand. Y'know? Hey, when I'm in a play and you're in the audience, I don't talk to you, right? So it's y'know, it's uh, it's cool. I'll see you tomorrow.
That's all right. Hey you guys, you know what's going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that, "Joey, what are you doing with your life?" stuff. I can say, "Well, I'm doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?"
Great, well, I'm happy for ya. Alright that's it. He just comes in here, Mr. Jonny Neweggs, with his, his, his movin' the mail and his, his 'see ya pals'. And now there's no juice. There's no juice f or the people who need the juice and want the juice. I need the juice.
Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a flame! What the hell's going on over here?!?!? Monica's gonna kill you! Look I need your help, I have to do something to-to repel this woman! Wait a minute, wait a minute, you guys repel women all the time.
Ah, hi, ah. Thank you so much for whispering for my benefit, but, ah, look, if you just tell me what I did wrong, I'd just love to work on it and come back and try it again for you. And, and also: 'How you doing?' You should, please, just gimme another chance. I really wanna get better, please.
No, no, no more! I cannot lose another dime! I'm serious this time! In-in fact, look, there's a-I wanna give you something. And let me give it too you know before I pawn it for Cups money. Now, I want you to have the big white dog as a kinda of a, y'know, thank you for being such a great roommate.
Yeah. Yeah, so what? Look, I live across the street, and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? Yeah, I can see you right now! Hello! If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like Thank you, but... that's not really the point... The point is that... Mostly free weights, but occasionally..
The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I get a Jack and a King, boom! Ross gets a 4 and a 5! Ross was getting the Cup card, the D-Cup, the Sittin' Down Bonus! Meanwhile, I didn't even get half a cup! Nothin'!!
Yeah? I just figured y'know, after living with you it'd be an interesting change of pace to have a female roommate, y'know? Someone I can learn from, someone-someone who's different than me. And what's more different than me; a guy who's not 19 than say a girl who is 19? Enh? Not just a hat rack my friend!
No, I don't. It's like, ya know, you work your whole life for somethin' and you think that when you get it it's never gonna be as good as you thought it would be. But this so was. Ya know, it changed everything. Like the other day, I got this credit card application, and I was pre- approved. Huh? I've never been pre-approved for anything in my life.
Friends, family, dog... Thank you all for being here to witness this blessed event. The cold has now spread to my special place... so I'm gonna do the short version of this. Phoebe and Mike are perfect for each other. And I know I speak for every one here... when I wish them a lifetime of happiness. Who has the rings?
Well that's true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character's catholic and he falls in love with this Jewish girl. Who run away together and they get caught in this big rainstorm. So we go into this barn and undress each other and hold each other. It's really sweet and-and tender.
It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the subway and we fall in love in like a day, right? And then, she disappears... But I find out where she lives and when I get there this like old lady answers the door and I say, "Where's Betsy?" Right? And she says, "Betsy's been dead for 10 years."
It's gonna be worth it. It's a known fact that women love babies, all righ? Women love guys who love babies. It's that whole sensitive thing. Quick, aim him at that pack o' babes over there. Maybe one of them will break away. No, no wait, for get them, we got one, hard left. All right, gimme the baby.
And before you know it, she's with him. And you'll be all, 'Ohh, man!' And he'll be all, 'Yes!' And us, we'll be like, 'Wh-whoa, dude.' And pretty soon you'll be like, 'Hhiii,' and, and, and, 'I can't go, Rachel and Mark might be there.' And we'll be like, 'Man get over it, it's been four years!!'
Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now I'm not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. But not as much as I love America. Could we please..go home now?
Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me.
No ... the leather sticks to my ass. You know, this isn't fair. What makes you think that I'm just gonna sleep with her and then blow her off? Huh? Can't you guys open your minds to the possibility that I actally like her, and might want something real? Look, the truth is, I haven't felt this way about anyone since Rachel, ok? I didn't think I could ever love again.
Yeah for like a half an hour one night! Chandler, she wants you for the rest of her life! You're so lucky! Look what I missed out on by not being there! Although you know what? It could never have worked like you guys did, 'cause you guys are perfect for each other. Y'know, we look at you and-and we see you together and it just...it-it fits. Y'know? And you just know it's gonna last forever.
Hey little buddy, how are you feeling? What the hell is in that face cream? That's so soft. Pillowcases! Zelda looked at the chimney sweep. Her father, the vicar... The vicar? ...wouldn't be home for hours. Her loins were burning. She threw caution to the wind and reached out and grabbed his... Whoa! Whoa-ho-ho-ho! This is a dirty book!
Hello? Oh hey! Can you, can you hang on a second? It's the producers over at Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E. can you excuse me for a minute? Hey, funny you should call. I was just looking over next week's script. Canceled?! Like they're taking it off the air? Ohh. All right, see you Monday. We're not even shootin' them anymore?!! All right, bye! They canceled Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E!
Well, so anyway Beth, what I'm saying is I should've considered your feelings before I went home with you that night. I've ah, I've recently learned what's it like to be on your side of it, and I'm sorry. So, do you think you can forgive me? Great. Thanks. Okay, bye. Hello, Jennifer? Oh hi, Mrs. Loreo, is Jennifer there? Oh, she's not home huh? Well ah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
Okay! All right. Umm, all right Wayne, level with me. Okay? I-I keep hearing all these rumors that I might get fired. Okay, they even have actors coming in to read for my part! Come on man, you-you got to give me a second chance! I mean, I love-I love this little guy! Ah-ah!! Okay, that's why you didn't want me to touch him right? Here you go! Okay? Stupid! I can't believe it! God! Hey, how you doin'?
Now-now, listen this is just a first draft so... "We are gathered here today on this joyous occasion to celebrate the special love that Monica and Chandler share." Eh? "It is a love based on giving and receiving. As well as having and sharing. And the love that they give and have is shared and received. And through this having and giving and sharing and receiving." "We too can share and love and have and receive."
Well, I've never been through the tunnel myself, 'cause as I understand it, you're not allowed to go through with more than one girl in the car, right. But, it seems to me it's pretty much like anything else, you know, face your fear. It have a fear of heights, you go to the top of the building! If you're afraid of bugs.....get a bug. Right. In this case, you have a fear of commitment, so I say you go in there and be the most committed guy there ever was.
What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married, you were, like, what, eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
Yeah, I guess it is. Listen, I ah, I gotta say good bye, and-and I gotta say it quick 'cause this is killing me. One thing you gotta know, is that I will never forget you. But, you've got things you have to do now, and so do I. And so... I'm gonna get on this spaceship, and I'm gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return, 200 years from now, you'll be long gone. But I won't have aged at all. So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up, because Adrienne, baby, I'm gonna want to meet her.
Good evening. I'm Mr. Tribbiani. And I will be teaching acting for soap operas. Now um, on my first day as Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives, I learned that one of the most important things in soap opera acting is reacting, this does not mean acting again, it means, you don't have a line, but someone else just did. And it goes like this. Thanks, thanks, a lot. Oh, by the way, before I forget to work in soap operas some of you will have to become much more attractive. All right, moving right along.
Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. Joey: Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! Closing credits.
That's my line! I can take it from here, thanks. Dearly beloved, I'm sorry I'm a little late. You may be confused by this now, but you won't be Memorial Day weekend 2002. Well, let's get started before the groom takes off again. Huh? We are gathered here today, to join this man and this woman in the bonds of holy matrimony. I've known Monica and Chandler for a long time, and I can not imagine two people more perfect for each other. And now, as I've left my notes in my dressing room. We shall proceed to the vows. Monica?
Okay, some tricks of the trade. Now, I've never been able to cry as an actor, so if I'm in a scene where I have to cry, I cut a hole in my pocket, take a pair of tweezers, and just start pulling. Or ah, or, let's say I wanna convey that I've just done something evil. That would be the basic 'I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it' Okay, let's say I've just gotten bad news, well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13. And that's how it's done. Great soap opera acting tonight everybody, class dismissed.
do you have any cake? >>> Joey's Subconscious So this is going pretty good. dinner was nice, got a lot in common. Victoria's secret huh we even like the same books. Oh now there's a scary painting. wait a minute I think I've been scared by that painting before. You know what this whole place look familiar I have definitely been in this apartment I know I've seen this weird plant before AWCH! It did that the last time. Oh my god, I've gone out with this girl before yeah we had sex on this couch and then on that chair and no. no we didn't do it hear which is weird because it seems like a perfectly good place.
Uh, why, it's a... one of her favorites, uh, "Riding the Storm Out. Coping with post-partum depression" eesh! "Love you forever". Love you forever. By Robert Munsch. Published by Firefly books. Printed in Mexico. A mother held her new baby and very slowly rocked him back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, and while she held him she sang "I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you'll be". . And while he rocked her, he sang "I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you'll be".
There will come a time in each of your careers when you'll have a chance to screw over another soap opera actor. I had such an opportunity in the recent, present. And I'm ashamed to say that I took it, I advised a fellow actor to play a role, homosexually. Yeah, we both auditioned for the part, and uh, as it turned out, they ah, they liked the stupid gay thing and cast him. And now, he's got a two year contract opposite Susan Luchhi, the first lady of daytime television, and me, me I'm stuck here teaching a bunch of people, most of whom are too ugly to even be on TV. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Thank you.
Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfortunately only one can. The nominees for Best Supporting Actress are from Passions Erin Goff. From One Life to Live Mary Loren Bishop , from All My Children Sarah Mchann, and from Days of Our Lives Jessica Ashley. And the winner is......Jessica Ashley from Days of Our Lives. Uh, unfortunately Jessica couldn't be with us tonight so I'll be accepting this award on her behalf. And I'm sure that Jessica would like to thank my parents who always believed in me. She'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Ross, Phoebe, and Rachel who's sittin' right there!
