She's the actress that was in Disclosure, Indecent Proposal, Ghost!
Do you umm, you really think the best reason to get married is because you're sorry?
Toe the line. Thread the needle. Think outside the box!
Yeah, ah, but Pheebs don't you think he's a little young to get married?
Well what are you gonna do when he finds out he wasn't even asked?!
Well, it was either a pink bunny or no bunny at all.
No, Chandler's still in Phase One, and Joey's that thing you smell.
How hammered are you? Huh? These, these are Joey's sisters.
We are going to Dick Clark's New Year's Rocking Eve!
Oh, some idiot customer put a suggestion in the suggestion box.
So your first whole weekend without Ben, what're you guys gonna do?
Joey let me ask you a question. What does this light switch do?
No I don't know Chandler! Not anymore! It's like it's like something's changed.
Dr. Burke? I don't think so. I mean, like, he's a grown up.
All right relax Mr. I've Had Sex Four Times!
Dr. Miller? P E C F D.
Ugly Naked Guy's laying kitchen tile. Eww!
Oh, I'm so glad you guys like it. Yay! All right I gotta go to work.
Like I remember his office number! Speed dial 7.
Hey Ross! So, I was checking out the uh, real estate section...
Well, if we owe it? Oh my... When is Joey gonna be home?
Uh, huh. Or maybe to a galaxy far, far away.
I know, he's just so, so... Do you remember you and Tony DeMarco?
Limited seating my ass. Let's see who made the cut. Hi!
No no, it's not working on me. Wow! I must be growing up!
Please! I feel so bad! Just watch the hot woman get naked!
Rachel, you are packed though right, I mean please tell me that you're packed.
Oh, we used to drive each other crazy playing the shadow game.
No it's not! No! No! Now it's about you and Ross getting back together!
God, you are so lucky. I mean, I mean. . . you know what I mean.
Ok, let me go check. Your mom want's to say goodbye.
Okay, it's baby time. Pants off Bing. Didn't see you there Geller.
Hey. Okay, I gave him another chance, but Tim has got to go!
You're still gonna pay me, right? Or something a little less selfish.
Okay, I feel like I'm talking to Lassie. All right, Phoebe would you just tell me!
Oh, you really want to talk about getting people to like you huh, funny man?
No, but I will leave a sweater that smells like me right next to you!
Not never. I mean, I'm gonna see him tomorrow at my eye appointment.
What are you talking about? If you get married in Vegas you're married everywhere.
Anyway erm, are you going to get a handyman to install this stuff?
A little tight? I could see double-oh and seven in those pants.
Hi. Uh, you... you don't know me, I'm Monica Geller... Ross's sister.
Oh, it was awful. I guess some people just don't appreciate really good food.
Yeah, he used to have this recurring nightmare, just really freaked him out.
Oh, it's so beautiful. Ohh! Y'know, I-I don't know if I feel right about this.
Hey! Okay, so I thought we'd start with my make up and then do my hair.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8
It was a mistake. Please don't take this to mean anything, because it doesn't.
Look look! It's Rachel and Barry. No, don't everybody look at once!
I didn't even tell him to say that. . All right you're off my list.
'S'going pretty good, y'know? It's nice, and, we're having fun.
Ohh, I'm such an idiot. I can't believe I actually thought she could change.
It was great! It was great! How about you?! I mean you're having a baby!
And then he told me he would run away with me, and he didn't.
Wait a minute, wait a minute. Yes he is. You are totally different.
Well, this must've brought back some really bad memories for you, Ross.
What these? Oh, these are, um, for.. cuts and scrapes.
Guys, rules are good! Rules help control the fun! Ohhh!
Ok, which one of us do you think is gonna be the first one to get married?
Ping pong? Honey, they have ping pong! Let's play!
Forget it. Not after your cousin who could belch the alphabet.
Sweetie, you know I have no sense of humor when it comes to the wedding.
Hey Rach, the tampons here are only a penny. Let's stock up.
Why don't you just stop doing stupid things? Then you wouldn't have to apologize.
Rach? Can I talk to for just a minute? I-I dropped some socks.
Yeah sure, nature called, she wanted to see who else did.
Oh, I asked one of the waitresses at work if she'd help me out.
No, but she likes me. You abandoned her on a plane to Greece.
God, this is so hard. I can't decide between lamb or duck.
Wait, what about the time I hit you in the face with the Silvian's pumpkin?
Cute PJ's! You're really livin' it up here in London huh?
Did you also have his album, It's Not Easy Being Green?
Say it louder, I don't think the guy all the way in the back heard you!
Excuse me, Mrs. Burkart? Well, we're all cleaned up in the kitchen.
Michelle! Of course, it was Michelle! Did it sound like Michelle?
Carol called me to thank me for the lasagna, I asked, she told me.
I'm guessing your new girlfriend wouldn't urinate on my coffee table.
He says he wants to leave the country. He thinks you hate him.
Oh Ross, sometimes grown-ups have commitments they just can't get out of!
Y'know, I-I... I have to figure...some st-Y'know, some stuff before I can...
No! Joey and Ross don't know anything and Chandler still thinks that Phoebe's pregnant.
Yes, I will start with the carpaccio, and then I'll have the grilled prawns.
Oh that's so sweet! Look Chandler I don't care if you can't cry, I love you.
I can't belive it, I'm gonna be an aunt. I'm gonna have like a nephew.
Oh Rachel don't, don't you dare, don't, don't. Tell him I cook.
I know! I know! And he totally freaked out and I can't find him anywhere!
Well, next time your massaging him, you should try and distract yourself.
I need two. I'm bringing Pete. My boyfriend. I have a boyfriend now!
Ok, you're being wierd. Do you want sex or did you do something bad?
Which we are, and-and we already paid for it. It's My Giant!
Phoebe! Come on! Let's go! Come on! Why aren't you dressed yet?!
Ok, but if something gets broken, and then the Queen comes over..
Dr. Greene. Oh my God it's Rachel's dad. What're you doing here?
Well maybe I'm ready now. I mean, it's a little scary, but maybe it's right.
We ripped that couple apart, and kept the pieces for ourselves.
Ooh! I'm sorry! I think, I THINK, that may have missed the table!
No! You don't know the system! There'll be nobody messing with the system!
Yes, I want to change. And why-why don't you go down and get us a table?
well no offense honey, but your taste is a little feminine for me.
I'm Catwoman, who wants to borrow the dress when you're too big for it.
Ugh, they sent me home. They said I can't work if I'm sick.
Do you think things would have been better if you'd just told her the truth?
Frannie was the one who found your Playboys and showed them to mom.
This is so great! This is exactly how we set the plates at the restaurant.
Op, can I just tell you something? Very flattered but umm, I'm engaged.
Where's Benny? There he is! Where's Benny, there he is.
I gotta tell you, yesterday was amazing. That massage felt so good!
Wendy, we had a deal! Yeah, you promised! Wendy! Wendy! Wendy!
I got one. "Socks. Because your family's feet deserve the best."
Have a seat. Okay, listen umm, Chandler and I are going to live together, here.
Oh, hang on, hang on. Does Aunt Monica get a say in this?
Were not doing anything. Were just sitting around talking, quietly.
What if my own baby hates me? Huh? What am I gonna do then?
'Cause I ran into him at the bank, he is still soo cute.
Wow. My brother never even told me when he lost his virginity.
We're gonna pick up the wedding dress then we're gonna have lunch with mom.
No, but... I saw the previews. They played it right before Jackass.
What does he think? Does he think I'm just gonna wait around for nothing?
Oh no, she's still at work, but she told me to tell you to call her.
Ah, come on, sneakers are easy. You wear sneakers all the time.
Come on, that was back in high school! How could that still bother you?
And Phoebe is his friend, so he thinks that would be breaking the rules!
I know, but y'know, this time you're gonna definitely know whether or not you did it!
I don't know. Hey, Rachel, you want the big plate? I want you to have the big plate.
What I said was, was that I understood. Joey's the one who agreed with you!
I just thought that if I could follow the wire I could find out what it did.
Nothing. Just something I want to get Phoebe's opinion on for Valentine's Day.
Ohh, he's really shy. I-I don't think he's up to meeting everyone yet.
I'm telling you, she went to the airport, and she's gonna go for it with Ross!
Hey, you know I got a question for ya. Just a little thing, no pressure.
STOP IT!! ...Oh my God. It's true! Who am I?
Wow! All right well, I mean, what can you do? If you lost it you lost it.
Because they don't know we're dating. Do you think we should eat in the kitchen?
Yeah! But, he can't not exactly see Emily, I mean that's his wife.
I still don't get why Greg and Jenny would give us a fake number.
Just a little but...it's just so scary! I don't even know what I would sing...
Not the way they're doing it. What, what happened? How did she die?
Yeah! Oh and interesting because I found the cameras in one of our bags!
Okay. We have got to beat them! {Here we go yet again.}
Okay, the red ones are my guests and the blue ones are yours.
You are going to make a joke about my special present! Why would you do that?!
Who's so brave, you're so brave, yes you are, you're so brave.
What did the doctor say? Any news on when the baby will come?
When I take a shower, she leaves me little notes on the mirror.
You are so sweet to notice! Yes, I lost three and a half pounds!
It worked! Ooh baby baby baby, ooh baby baby baby!
Probably some y'know, European good-bye thing he picked up in London.
You should feel great about yourself! You're doing this amazing independence thing!
Ross has never checked out of a room a minute before he had to.
You want a job? Turn off "Oprah," and send out a resume!
Hey, we would still be living here if hadn't gotten the question wrong!
Well, he did manage to keep his identity secret for a long time.
Oh good, another dinosaur story. When are those gonna become extinct?
Because... I'm Monica Geller. It was my credit card you were using.
All right. Have you said, "I love you?" You could say, I love you.
Aren't you afraid that Joey's going to figure all of this out? I heard it.
'Cause, Gary and Phoebe think they're a hotter couple than we are!
Come on! Come on, I was kidding! It was such an obvious joke!
Okay, I'm never gonna wear them again. I just didn't get a chance to say goodbye.
Joey, we had a deal. That-that's why you're here! I've got to fire you!
I don't know. I mean, I guess having sex in front of a baby isn't so...
Uh, so anyway, we thought one of you could read something during the ceremony.
Hello? Oh yes, one minute please. It's for you. It's the fire inspector.
Umm, listen I am sorry, but I'll put some out first thing in the morning.
All right shut up for a second and let me just see something. Oh, wow!
Joey, did you even interview this woman before you asked her to move in?
Well, they're just gonna have to wait aren't they? I've only got two hands!!
No, it doesn't say where it came from. Where would we return it?
Hey Maureen! Gosh! Hey uh, Chandler? This is my cousin Maureen.
Well yeah, but, you know, uh, 27 is a dangerous eye age.
Oh, look! Acting for Beginners! Want to feel good about yourself?
Now there you go! I wouldn't want my best guest to strain her eyes!
It's harder for me! I have those four other women to compete with!
Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it!
Come on, okay, come on this is for all womankind. Let's kill 'um!
Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go brush my teeth.
So that marriage stuff that you were saying yesterday, you don't really believe that do you?
It's goin' great. Right on schedule. Got my little happy helpers.
Phoebe I think he would notice if you didn't have a baby in nine months!
Oh no no no no... this is dangerous territory. Keep it clean!
The guy who made these hates feet and wants to see them die!
It's gonna be weird to watch some actor pretending to be Ben's dad.
Oh, is that why you did it the secret hallway where nobody ever goes?!
Okay, I'll rest. But y'know if I'm going to bed, then you're coming with me.
Well, we thought we would all go to a picnic , in Central Park!
Wow, Monica! What an amazing opportunity to influence... dozens of people.
No way! You had your party, now I have mine! Is everything alright?
Look, I-I'm never gonna let you up so you may as well just go away.
Well, do you think he was waiting 'til after you left, so he could cry?
Oh, then you do know it. So um what kind of things do you write about?
Oh, that's because I had lunch with Rich-Me neither! Okay, what do I want now?
Oh my God, he's gonna do it now. Please, I cannot watch this, let's go.
I'm telling-If you put that in her apartment you'll never hear the end of it.
Oh, you came to tell him you love him! I knew it! I was right! I'm right, right?
...in this day and age how dumb do you have to be to get pregnant?
Y'know when I said to you earlier that I was at work umm, I'm at my new work.
Okay, one more, please. Come on, I'm gonna get it in this time, I will.
That's it. I'm done. I don't care when the baby comes, no more betting.
OK, great. You'll tell us and we'll laugh. Let's play poker.
Well, with all these doctors and nurses, I'm gonna say, midget rodeo.
Oh God Phoebe!! Oh that's it! That's it! Right there! Oh! Ooooh-oooh-ooooh...
Phoebe, it's okay that you don't want me to be your girlfriend because I have the best boyfriend.
I don't see him. Hey! Maybe he's in the sugar bowl! Joey? Nope!
I-I am serious, I mean, we're, we're all over each other all the time.
We don't have much time. Once the egg descended the oviduct ...
So, I'm, I'm probably still ovulating. Do you want to give it another try?
Sure! It doesn't mean anything! Just like I know it doesn't mean anything with you!
Wow! A star! I know you all hate me and-and I'm sorry, but I don't care.
Wait wait wait. I was at home the whole time. How did I missed that?
No I didn't, I said kiwi lime. That's what makes it so special.
No-no-no that was good, it was, that was uh, that was a goood kiss...
No, no really. I.. I wouldn't feel right about it. Just some water.
All right, that's it. You know what? Just get out of my way and stop moping.
Y'see, this is where you'd use that 'hello' word we talked about.
Thank you. It was so beautiful. I'm going to go to Joeys and get the pies.
Oh no! My parents have never seen me drunk! That they know of.
Vomit tux? Who vomited on-y'know what, what you up to Joe?
: I saw what you were doing in Tulsa. angry sharks turn you on!
Oh that's okay. Don't worry about it, you can give it to me when we get back.
Hey, hold on there, tiger. How's it going? How you holding up?
Oh that's cute! We really all enjoyed it. But y'know, it doesn't count.
Yes! All right, y'know what? Why don't we start with a practice run? Okay?
When you were reading the dirty magazines without taking off the plastic!
I'm gonna leave some cards here. Please think of us for you next event.
Oh my-This is so embarrassing. Oh my God, I'm never gonna get massaged again!
Okay, but wouldn't it be easier if you had to tell me something that you could tell me.
Yeah, like I don't know, maybe you have a work problem that you need his advice on.
Hey Rach, come on! We're gonna be late for the eye doctor appointment!
All right, well why don't I go out with an ex-boyfriend and do Joey a favor?!
Wow! Play that message for Emily and this whole problem goes away!
Oh that's my doodle of a ladybug, with a top hat. She's fancy.
Oh my God! Did you hear that? She hired me because she thinks I'm good.
You have to help me! I'm supposed to be writing my vows and all I have is this!
What?! Are you kidding me?! You-you-you think we're ready to have a baby now?!
This is so unfair! She's got everything I want, and she doesn't have my mother.
Oh my God! Joey, what did you do after you threw her leg on the fire?
I'm just having one of those days where you realize you're in a dead-end relationship!
Alright, here we go. We've got salmon roulettes and assorted crudites.
Come on...I just need it for some rent and..and some other bills.
You know what? This has been kind of a girlie day. You're right, I'm sorry.
No, my eye doctor is Richard! I can't go to him when I don't have a boyfriend!
Mira, Ross, Marcel se llevo el control remoto.
Hey guys! Do you wanna look at the song list for the wedding? Guys?
: sweetie it's ok, I still love you, let me be a part of this.
Wait! Wait! Wait! You can't start today! Today's the rehearsal dinner!
Oh my God! No wonder I get such great service at Cafe Maurice.
Oh! And don't let me leave without getting the name of that carpet guy.
I have no idea, but X-rays alone could be a couple hundred dollars.
All right, hand me that other box of photos; that's the very last one.
"Oh my God, I love Ross! I hate Ross! I love Ross! I hate Ross!"
Joey, this is sick, it's disgusting, it's, it'snot really true, is it?
I'm glad you're here, we have a couple of things to ask you about the wedding ceremony.
Uh, listen, I need that broiling pan that Joey borrowed the other day.
How cool is this?! We know three down! I'm touching three down!
Ohhh! No! This is my friend Rachel, we went to High School together.
Listen...I need to know that what I'm about to ask you, will never get back to Chandler.
I know that you're new at this, but this is completely unacceptable bath decorum.
They've elected me to talk to you about the baby talk - it's not so good.
Chandler, listen to me sweetie, I know you can do this. Okay? You have a beautiful smile.
Oh, Nancy Thompson from Phoebe's old massage place is getting fired.
Ooh, these tennis shoes are so tight. I think I'll take them off.
Here's the plan! Okay? I'm going to leave you get a look at Brenda's bra!
Now you think I wouldn't enjoy that, because it is so fake, but I still do.
...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!
Ice, ice, ice squares anyone? Take a napkin. Alright.
I gotcha. Sorry. So, did you ever make him throw up a whole anything?
It wasn't funny at all! Why would you do that? Why didn't you pick me?
Do you want me to cry? Is that what you want? Do you wanna see me cry?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Phoebe. It's just a little shorter than what we had discussed.
Well, he told me he was going out with the guys, I just didn't know that you were the guys.
Ross's apartment is nice! How come we don't hang out here more often?
Ross used to stay up every Saturday night to watch Golden Girls!
It's my new perfume. Why don't you come closer where you can really appreciate it?
Oh, Aunt Liddy's coming? That means we get five dollars each!
Yeah, I do think it's better this way. Yeah, we're being smart. Yes, I'm sure.
Rose Marie really belongs on a smaller screen, doesn't she?
Oh God! He's gonna come by and borrow some candles for his big date!
Oh, what a great gift! Is The Way You Look Tonight on it?!
You were the next caller five hours ago. You must be going crazy.
Look, I don't wanna do this test either, but I really do think it's a good idea!
Well, now's a good time. I'm on my way to have my ears cut off.
Ohh, I've always wanted to go to this culinary fair that they have in Jersey!
Chandler! I have to tell you, you smell so smokey I have to get up. I'm not kidding.
Danny? You know Rachel? She's nice. She's not bad to look at, right?
They wouldn't have put it there if it didn't do something! How can you not care?
Okay! There's only one left, three letter word, not dog but...
Hey. So um, I was thinking that maybe we should start dividing up our stuff.
So you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?
I know this is embarrassing, but nobody cares! No one here even knows you!
Wow, that is a surprise. Just one little question, uh, why not Ross's room?
You know what probably happened? Someone musta stolen my credit card.
I do! I'm a professional chef! Oh relax! It's not a courtroom drama!
Oh! I hate that guy! I mean come on kid! Pull up your pants!
Oh, you can't show Phoebe this! She hates those corporate massage chains.
Come on! Come on! Hurry! We're running out of time! Huddle up!
Hey, honey, my test is down the hall, are you sure you're going to be ok?
No. I think we learned that from the sugarlips incident. I'm gonna get some tea.
I'm sick of the signs! It's too fast, I'm happy the way things are!
The second sister dies in Archie and Jughead Double Digest?
Oh my God! A friend he's looking at differently, but it's wrong. It's Rachel!
What?! Why? Why is this crazy? So this isn't the ideal way to something....
Okay. I'm gonna be the mom that makes the world's best chocolate chip cookies.
Maybe Joey doesn't have to give you the money, TV stars have assistants right?
Now are drawers will smell nice and we didn't waste these pantyhose.
Hi Honey! We're all here; we just want to wish you a Merry Christmas.
Let me put it this way. We're having sex whether you're here or not.
Rachel, I need to borrow-You're not packed!!!! You're not packed even a little bit!
Well, it doesn't really matter ... you're both wishing for the same thing, right?
I understand, but you're wishing for what we think you're wishing for, aren't you?
Do you remember that jacket that you love so much, that you thought was too expensive?
Hey Rach, a guy from Ralph Lauren called, you got a second interview!
Good, so do it Saturday night because we're going to dinner with her and Clark.
Why, it's dinner for six. 5 steaks, and an eggplant for Phoebe.
Hey, maybe I'll drive you up there! I'd like to buy some tickets myself!
So umm, when I was in the shower I was thinking about our first night in London...
Y'know what? It really creeps me out choosing other people's sex clothes.
All right, you're telling me you can eat an entire turkey in just one sitting?
Yeah, can we go call them? Is it too soon to call? I wanna call.
Well, y'know how I always wanted to go out with Chip Matthews in high school?
Bye! Ten bucks says, I never see that woman again in my life.
Remember that guy that gave me a bad review? Well... I'm getting my revenge!
You're wrong! The centerpieces are fine! Do you ever get scared at all?
The basket is totally empty! My God, the neighbors ate all the candy!
Yeah, come on, eat, whatever you want. Dr. Roger got beeped again.
'Cause if you do that means you'd be cancelling it for me, and we're just friends.
You! It's not like it's a big deal! You-you don't still do it or anything!
Since we've been going out, I think I've mentioned his name twice!
I'm telling you, something's wrong! My brother does not stay out all night.
All right, I know you're hurting, and-and I want to be supportive, but don't say that again.
Couldn't you just stay like this forever? Chandler! Couldn't you just stay here forever?
Oh no-no-no, stay, stay, stay, just keep talking. I'm always the hostess.
Well fine! I want to meet this chicken expert! Send the Colonel in!
Really? Wow! It looks like I had some trouble staying inside the lines.
So you can't lose, it's there in the title. Wonderfullness is baked right in.
Maybe I can try at intermission? Phoebe, come on... you know what? Let's just go!
You're not gonna go anywhere, you said you were gonna eat here, and you're gonna eat here!
ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?
They all came from the list you handed out to us two weeks ago.
Chandler, this is not our problem. We've got each other. That's all that matters.
I mean, I realize that his feelings may never completely go away, but you can.
Okay, I'd like to know how much the room was because I'd like to pay my half.
And what if I was still fat? Well, you wouldn't be dating me, that's for sure.
OK, I'll go. OK, senior year of college... on a pool table.
Well, y'know I-I-I think I'm gonna respect the privacy of my new secret boyfriend.
Hi. We checked the third and fourth floor, no-one's seen Marcel.
You had sex in his chair?!... I said that a little too loudly, didn't I?
And you've never been funnier. Joke, joke, joke, you were a hoot!
Because that's where the party is you goon. See this is just the staging area.
How about you go put on your 007 tuxedo and I'll make you a nice martini.
But what kind of a sick bastard wants to do it in front of a deer?
Went down to the docks. Bet ya didn't know you could get it wholesale.
Oh, you're so sweet. Oh, but wait, what about our, what about the future and stuff?
It meant nothing! Okay? After all this time, how can you not trust me?
What? We took a walk, nothing happened. I can back with nothing all over me.
I got it! How about, if we win, they have to get rid of the rooster?
: OK... Dear Ms. Green... yeah... yeah... yeah... No.
Chandler could you at least send some women to my party? Alright that's Ross.
All right look, if I take Chandler out of the running will you be able to focus?
What are you talking about? She just invited him to the biggest party of the millennium!
In the beginning where y'know it's all sex and talking and sex and talking and...
Pheebs, you remember how we talked about saying things quietly to yourself first?
Uh, ah. Unless you wanna stay over? I mean, I'm going to, so...
See what happens when you give people advice? I hope you told him not to?
I guess with you doing the internship, we're just spending more than we're bringing in.
Hello Dan! I'm really looking forward to Saturday night! Really, really!
Okay, I'm next. Don't! Don't start another game! I said I'm next! Phoebe!
Ok..You know the old classics you know,You look nice? They're still ok.
I'm gonna go put my make up on, we have to be at the hotel in an hour!
Rachel, what are you doing? Its freezing out here. Would you come back inside?
Ohh, Please?! I'm a single mom, with a thirty year old son!!
Baddest. Otherwise the song would be Fat Fat Leroy Brown.
All right. We're gonna go. It's not for another six hours. We're gonna go then.
Probably the only time I'll ever say this, but did you see the ass on her?
You know, when you start get screwed over all the time, you gotta switch to low-fat.
Yeah! Okay, this one is a mushroom cap. Umm, this one is made of bologna.
What?! You paid a thousand dollars for a cat when you owe me 300!!
I don't know! Time to kiss a guy maybe?! What are you laughing at Pampers?
It's a dead dog. That's Chi-Chi; she died when I was in high school.
Oh! You assume because I was heavy that's the only way I could win something?
Honey, you've been really strong about this, I know how badly you wanted that job.
They're all in there! Even these five that I hid in my bra ...
You wanna go right now? 'Cause I'll take you right now, buddy! You wanna go?
All right, he's keys are in the drawer. Y'know what? I also need some cash.
Phoebe, he's a friend of my parents. He's like 20 years older than me.
Rachel-Rachel-Rachel I-I cannot, I can't let-, actually I kinda want to see what happens.
I just-I can't believe that you think that you and Chandler know me and Rachel better than we know you.
Okay, but there is a wire back there! I mean that switch is connected to something!
I don't understand, I mean am I so hard to live, is this why I don't have a boyfriend?
OK, we done with the chit-chat? Are we ready to play some serious poker?
I'm gonna go into the bathroom so I can look at it in the mirror, as I eat it.
I think his begging days are over now that he's going out with Nancy Branson.
Okay. Man, I have not made this many cookies since I was in the ninth grade.
First of all um, I love you both so much and you're both so important to me...
Chandler! Okay, let me get this straight, it's okay for you to flirt, but not for me.
Okay well, then we'll both do it today and he'll just have to deal with it!
Yes! Now, they're a little more than I normally spend on boots...or rent
Hello! Were we at the same table? It's like... cocktails in Appalachia.
Hey! Mrs. Altman was the kind of woman you could tell she used to be pretty.
Yeah, a-a-and clean. Not just health department clean... Monica clean.
C'mon. Keeps his fingers to himself and he's always minty fresh.
Honey, what is the Bruce Springsteen CD in the Kat Stevens case?
Sandra, I am so sorry, I thought you were Rachel and we just weren't ready for you yet.
Alright, I'll give you the ear thing but don't you think the ending was pretty wonderful?
So I don't have to sing and I can just sit there and pass judgments on others?
Ok, everybody, there's food and drinks on the table. Go across the hall.
This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!
Chinadolor Bong, come on, we steal that TV Guide every week!
Do this for me! Come on, I catch you looking at woman's breasts all the time!
What the... Yes you're too late! Where was all this three years ago?!
You're not dressed yet?! We're supposed to start having fun in 15 minutes!
Nooo! No, that's not true. No, best time ever! Yeah, you rocked me world!
Okay fine! Fine! Then you know what, I'll just write about Phyllis! Hmm!
Oh, we were playing "peek-a-boo." She just - she loves it when I'm dramatic.
That's a good idea! I bet they have one of those wind machines! Y'know...
Well, doing nothing on your thirtieth is better than doing something stupid, like Ross.
You obviously haven't screwed over a lot of your friends. Which we all appreciate.
Mrs. Bing? Here, these are my parents umm, Judy and Jack Geller.
Just go up to her and ask her out. Oh, what's the worst thing that could happen?
I still say that if we had called your dad we coulda gotten better seats.
Wait, no-no-no, I can go really fast! Dad, give me the keys to your Porsche!
I... I'm sorry, did you say something? I can't hear through all this damned hair!
Sorry. But I kind of have this feeling that we may have made a baby last night.
Well, she was shocked when I told her, but then again so were most people.
Yeah. All right, I'm gonna go tell Dan that it's not gonna happen. Don't do the dance.
Come on! Come on, it'll be fun! It'll make me feel so much better.
Al-alright, l-look you guys, this is the best relationship I've been in. . .
Oh wait, just one more thing! One more minute! Umm, you're a stupid bitch.
Oh, wow, so you're gonna be one of those "healthy, healthy, healthy guys"?
Ok worse case scenario is...we borrow some money from my parents.
Really? Cause I'd need like $500 for all the food and the supplies and stuff.
What?! I didn't take care of everything, there's-there's plenty of things for you to do!
Honey, you made the bed again. I told you, you don't have to do that. This isn't camp.
All right, y'know what? We really are late! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!!
Did I miss it? Rachel, I-I want you to know that, if it's positive, we're gonna...
Now see, this way you protect the plate.. and lets face it you have fun.
Okay, good, 'cause umm, well maybe we could have a little workout of our own...
Well, it was the first time. Y'know, there's not always a lot of agreement the first time.
So look umm, while we're st-still in London, I mean, we can keep doing it right?
Yeah I can! And don't think I don't, because I do! I mean all the time, you betcha!
Oh he's nice. He's nice! Y'know, you always stick up for the people we fog!
Oh my god! Did you hear that? She said Monica! Oooh, I can't leave her!
You, and you, you're supposed to be at my party. And Gunther! What are you doing here?
Oh, Rachel, sweetie, look, here's a really cute picture of Joey and you at the reception.
See there you go. Woo! We're out of the woods. Okay, I'll get dressed now.
Yeah, I've just been fiddling around in here making delicious treats for everyone.
That's Mindy? Wow, she is pretty. Lucky. To have had a friend like you.
Well, I'm gonna fill in for him as food critic for the Chelsea Reporter.
I can't believe she's gonna say yes to David. She's clearly in love with Mike.
Yeah that, plus his mom used to put sour cream on everything!
All right. Tell me if this is too cute. Lesbian wedding, chicken breasts.
What? You freak! You wouldn't even have known about this place if it wasn't for me!
No, no, wait. His flight doesn't leave for another forty-five more minutes.
What Phoebe meant to say was umm, how come you're having a party and we're not invited?
Yeah, and in the long version, I dump him for telling people the short version.
All right fine, your guy may have a great body, but our guy is really funny.
Really? Okay, so why don't you tell me what happened to Ross Junior year at Disneyland?
Hi, come in! Paul, this is.. ... everybody, everybody, this is Paul.
Guys! Guys! I just saw two people having sex in a car right outside.
Yes! Maybe it's a false positive. Are you sure you peed on the stick right?
Yeah. I mean it was kinda fun for a while, but didn't you start feeling silly?
Okay, maybe people give out fake numbers, but they don't give out fake names.
Ugh, I knew giving you that book was gonna come back and bite me in the ass!
Don't worry Joe, I won't come next year! Joey: What have you got there?
Okay, we have a lot of options here, a number of prototypes for you to try on.
All right, but if-if he lights someone else on fire he is out of there!
No, Phoebe, I'll tell you what, if you get ready now I'll let you play it at the wedding.
Oh hey Joey! We've been watching all day, when are you gonna be on TV?
Oh yes, it is. I'm sorry I borrowed it, I was cold. I hope its okay?
Chandler there's nothing wrong with crying! I mean you don't have to be so macho all the time.
Phoebe knows and she's just trying to freak us out! That's the only explanation for it!
Okay, umm-umm, I'll just--I'll be right back, I just gotta go ah, go ah...
Uh Tim? This is Phoebe. Phoebe this is Tim, my new sous chef.
Look, if you want you can keep it at our place until you find out what to do with it.
Just breathe, breathe.. that's it. Just try to think of nice calm things...
Yeah with Chandler not getting paid, we could really use 300 million dollars.
Olivia? I thought she was marrying Connor! Oh right, real life more important.
Okay well then, I'll fire him today and you go out with him for another week.
Cowboy boots? I've never worn cowboy boots in my whole life!
It was okay. She's still kind of depressed because she broke up with her boyfriend.
I can't believe we've never done this before! It's sooo good! So good for Monica!
Okay, now that everything's wrapped up here, I think I'm, I'm gonna go do my laundry.
Rachel, say that I'm friends with her, we spend some time together. Is that so terrible?
We are the hottest! Huh? No one is hotter than we are! You're the best.
Doesn't it ever just freak you out that-that you're never gonna be with anybody new again?
Yes, because all good plans start with, "I'll go down the fire escape."
No Chandler no! No unscheduled stops. You can go when we stop for gas.
Remember that guy from cooking school I told you about that put cilantro with everything?
I know being spit on is probably not what you need right now. Um... how long?
Uh Rachel? Rachel, why don't you sit here? And Will you sit way over there.
But Phoebe, you can go out with a creepy guy any night of the year. I know I do.
Is it like for dinosaur emergencies. 'Help, come quick, they're still extinct.'
Yeah you will! The right guy is just around the corner! Okay, are we done with that?
That's because he wasn't invited because of the way he behaved at our engagement party.
This is me in The Sound of Music. See the von Trapp kids?
Oh gosh, listen if you and Chip do it tonight, promise me you'll tell me everything.
Well maybe we can make a, a, a 'B' out of one of those roses.
Oh. I guess you can. Okay but; I-I have to return it, so you can't like it.
Jean-Claude Van Damme. I didn't know he was in this movie, he is so hot.
No, of course not. It's not even an issue. Cause I told him I was 22.
Oh, honey!I can't. I was just telling these guys that things are crazy at the restaurant!
Yeah. I bet you can't guess what color my tonsils are? I'll bet the apartment!
Oh, absolutely. Yeah, you know I'm not even thinking about that thing that we're not supposed to think about.
You can't fire me. I make your decisions and I say, "I'm not fired!" Ha!
That's okay, this is more important than fruit on my ceiling! You broke up?!
Hey. Ross, did you know Mom and Dad are going to Puerto Rico for Thanksgiving?
Wow! That's great! Dad must really like you, he doesn't ask just anyone to play.
Oh no, I already packed. The only thing I couldn't find though was your Speedo.
I don't know how museums work in England but, here, you're not supposed to take stuff.
Wait a minute. Are you honestly telling me that-that you may never want to get married?
Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone?
He's got something plastic lodged in his throat, we've got to go to the hospital.
I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually liked.
It's supposed to be that small. It's a pre-appetizer. The French call it an amouz-bouche.
A salad? Really I, I could do something a little more complicated if you like.
Well, I-I-there was this guy at the bank that I thought was cute umm, but I don't anymore.
Chandler, umm, I want you to take just a minute and I want you to think about how ridiculous this sounds.
She pulled it out of me! She's like a conversational wizard! How'd it go?
You know, I knew a girl in high school who did that. She was very popular.
I think so. Se, he-he's not inviting you to his party because he likes you.
Oh, really? So why was I busting my ass to make this delicious Thanksgiving dinner?
: maybe I will go yea will have a second honeymoon at the Tulsa romana.
What do you want me to do? Just sit here silently while you three have a conversation?
Okay, ooh, alright. Name, address... Okay, in case of emergency, call?
Because, you were mean to me and you, you teased me and you always, always got your way.
This is crazy! I mean, it's such a stupid argument. I don't even wanna see Richard again.
Hold it! Are you talking about Dick Clark's New Year's Rocking Eve?
Well, you broke up with Julie Grath! How much weight could she have gained?
Wait. Rachel, no, he's married. Married! If you don't realize that, I can't help you.
The babies are asleep, I'm sure you'll be okay on your own for a while!
Honey, having a heart attack is nature's way of telling you to slow it down.
Ross let me ask you a question. All jokes aside, where is this relationship going?
No-no, I-I just, I liked them so much that I went out and bought some for myself.
Look, I know that I should've told them. I know I shouldn't care what they think. I'm sorry.
Hey Gunther. Hi. I mean you're going out on a date with the noisy guy upstairs?
He had to go, there's a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard.
But still, it's a big change. The end of an era, you might say!
Chandler, please! Do you know how unbelievably glad I am that Joey was not there that night?!
Yeah. Hey, that was nice of you guys to back off and let Joey get the girl for once.
Daddy! I don't think we need to hear about the specific positions you and mom had sex.
Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not goof around with him.
Of course I have! What do you think, I'm some 30 year old virgin?
I'm not sick!! I don't get sick! Getting sick is for weaklings and for pansies!
Wait a minute, are you doing Joey's "Audition didn't go so well. Yeah it did?"
I said we are not going to do it, okay? Sometimes you can be such a, a big baby.
Wow! That Mike thing was interesting! I don't know what's gonna happen with Phoebe and David.
I'm sorry, okay? It just-tonight was supposed to be y'know, it was supposed to be a big deal.
Well that's it. People never say `We need to talk' unless it's something bad.
Some people have been saying its y'know little drops of heaven, but whatever.
Ok, I don't wanna be negative so I'll say that most of the signs you bought are good.
Well I guess there is no harm in telling you now, Rachel and Ross are gonna have a baby.
Oh because it doesn't...really fit. Oh by the way, I-I booked the Swing Kings.
Wow, you seem to be doing so much better. That's great. So how-how are things going?
You're so pathetic! Why can't you just accept it, we're winning because I'm better than you.
I don't know! Why don't you just explain? What do they want? Find out what they want!
My boots in tan! Hey! Can you get a little closer so I can see the price?
I swear I didn't know she was a hooker! I mean wh-Did you let her smoke in here?
I can't believe Joey's having lunch with his stalker. What i-, what is she like.
All right, you just make sure that Chandler catches the ball, I'll take care of the rest.
No you're not. You're, you're allergic to lobster and peanuts and--oh my god.
Oh yeah? Well when you learned how to dance did you forget how to put on underpants?
Joey, I left my watch on the counter last night. It was right here, where is it?
Are you insane? I mean Joey, is going to kill you, he's actually going to kill you dead.
No! But, I'm throwing this shirt away! I think there was a little misunderstanding before.
Does it have to do with-with Chandler and that sock that he keeps by his bed?
With a wok? I thought you were going to read my boring book to put you asleep.
That's right. My Mom doesn't have any faith in me! Oh, that's hilarious! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Oh my God! She's amazing. Oh, oh I'm so glad you guys got drunk and had sex!
Honey. Uh, not to sound too Florence Henderson but, dinner's on the table.
Don't worry Phoebe, you're gonna meet someone. If I can meet a great guy, so can you.
Phoebe! But I could take one of those little feet and put it in a pita pocket.
Okay. That's okay. I-I know that you're very upset right now. I know, I know that wasn't about me.
It's just that he doesn't have that much free time, ya know, and I don't know, what do I do?
Thank you! 2nd Customer: It was. The duck in particular was superb.
Yes, thank you so much. And again, we're so sorry. We could not feel worse about it.
Yeah, I'll be fine. You know, maybe I'll stay here and practice the art of seduction.
That is so sweet. I know that I was acting a little crazy but umm, I feel the same way.
Ah, it's an honest mistake. It could happen to anyone. All right, see ya.
Y'know what, I think we should play a game. I mean come on, it's been twelve years.
Wait, was this a-a small mediterranean guy with curiously intelligent good looks?
Wait, you can't have the baby here! I mean I haven't sterilised it since the guys moved out!
Then you'd be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn't make any sense.
Rachel, what's going on? I mean isn't this the same Barry who you left at the altar?
What is it with you people! I mean, the minute you start to feel something, you have to run away?
He wanted to tell me he's gonna compete is some ultimate fighting competition thingy.
Ha,ha, ha, oh my life is just so amusing. Could we drop it now?
Here's your key. All right, you have to christen it! Now, go out and come back in!
Okay fine! I keep betting Phoebe that you're gonna have the baby and I don't want to lose again!
So do you guys gonna come over tomorrow? I'll make that pasta thing I was telling you about.
I'm so sorry that you had to find out this way. I'm sorry, but it's true, I love him too.
Well it's...I mean I'd just-I'd be self-conscious. You're my friend; I'd be naked.
He's not great umm, but he's dealing with it. Oh wait a minute, you're not gonna try...
Why would I care where Chandler is? You know uhh...You know sometimes I don't even like Chandler.
I told you you were a bath person! Hey, when you get out, maybe I can give you a facial!
What?! Come on I am tough! Punch me right here! As hard as you can!
Hey, guess what I'm doing this weekend! I'm going to this culinary fair in New Jersey.
What? So you guys don't mind going out with someone else who's going out with someone else?
Whatever Ross! Just replace the bulbs in the brake lights after you're done.
Thank you. So what does this Bob guy look like? Is he tall? Short?
Wait. Rachel, no, he's married. Married! If you don't realise that, I can't help you.
I would love too, but I can't! I mean I just can't, you know that I'm not good at confrontation.
Phoebe, you got Joey drums to annoy Rachel, so she wouldn't wanna live there anymore?
Well, no, not at all, you're not terminal, you just, you just need some damage control.
Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof!
Oh, I've got it! I have got it! Pictures from your childhood. This will get you going good!
...And then we throw your body in the water... Gee, that does sound fun.
Well uh, I'm trying to make something for Joey. Do you mind if I raid your fridge?
So! So we've got to go upstairs and have a lot of sex to prove them wrong!
Oh my God, can you believe we are surrounded by all this? I can barely control myself.
Alright, I tell you what, I'll give this to you now if you can tell me where we keep the dustpan.
Chandler, there is nothing in there that concerns you! If you love me you-you'll let it go.
Oh no it's not, no it's not. It's a first date. I'm sure that nothing is gonna...
All right people listen, I've got exactly twenty-eight minutes before I have to baste again.
Find some! Please! Anything that doesn't say I-I died tragically in France.
How about if I dance around all covered in sauce? Huh? You think it's funny now?
What's the big deal with her? Maybe she's attractive in an obvious kind of way.
I can't get married until I get something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue.
Okay. Phoebe that's it. Come on, get out-out of the chair. Get out! Oh come...Phoebe!
Oh, I'd like a latte. Oh y'know what? If you're gonna talk about me, I'm gonna go with you.
See? Ben doesn't think you're a loser, he thinks you're a cowboy! Now that's something.
My God, Rachel, I can't believe Phoebe made out with Ralph Lauren. Ohh, I'm so jealous.
You heard the woman. Peel, chop, devil! I can't believe I lost 2 minutes.
Well you let me know if you can, because y'know I can bake a pie to cover it.
Well, are you asleep right now, Joe? 'Cause I don't think you have to wear it unless you are!
Oh man! If I had known I was coming to this party I never would have gotten married!
Phoebe! I have to have those earrings, we're going to leave as soon as the show is over.
Well, I did one time, and-and I want to start doing it more. See that's what this is about.
I know, but now we have this second one and it just, it feels like it's snowballing, y'know?
Did you like her? And I'm just asking as a friend, because I am totally fine with this.
Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not just goof around with him.
Okay. I'm guessing that if you don't want to deliver, you probably don't want to pick stuff up either.
Y'know, I don't have an appointment, but I sure could use a physical. Are you sure you're okay?
Y'know what, this is obviously some kind of twisted joke she's trying to play on him.
Alright, before I tell you, uh, why don't you tell me how many women you've been with.
Y'know if it's any consolation, he really did sound like he was having more fun with you.
Okay, so it doesn't involve Ross or Rachel or Chandler or Joey. But, what about Pete?
Man, man that is sharp. It must have cost you quite a few debloons.
I know what you need, you need a bodyguard. Hey Ross, what is Ben doing after preschool?
Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle. 'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'.
I can't do it. I'm sorry, I wish I could, but umm, see you have these feelings for me....
Hey, look at me. I'm making jam, been at it since 4 o'clock this morning.
No. Big deal, so you have a side of the bed, everybody has a side of the bed.
Ugh, y'know, umm we gotta get up early and catch that plane for New York.
Well, honey, it is pretty competitive. I mean I've got an actual rocket scientist here.
I-It's just so insulting! Big spring for a new blank tape, Doctor!
All right ah, Ross, this is the extent of my knowledge on the subject. Call Rachel.
Oh, will you do the top of the cabinets? That'll really work up your appetite for lunch.
No, I know. But y'know what? It would make me feel better if Lewis apologized to me.
Wow, come in, have a seat. You must be exhausted coming all the way from...Texas.
Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn't eat meat until she has the babies!
I know, I've been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound proof, don't you think?
Really? I'm perfectly comfortable. Hey, hey, hey, get in line buddy, I was next.
Yeah... ..see, I was supposed to get married, but, um, I left the guy at the altar.
Well, if you had kept listening, you-you would have heard me call him Mr. Big......ot.
Wait-wait, guys! If-if we follow the rules, it's still fun and it means something!
We were, we were just in the storage area and we saw this really creepy man!
I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find...
This is a garden view room, and we paid for an ocean view room.
Because, honey, I mean this in the sweetest way possible, nobody is gonna wanna watch that.
Oh-ho! But not in here! Can't eat 'em in bed, remember? No crumbies!
Yeah, I talked to you on the phone, I'm the lady that got stuck with the racecar bed.
Um, you guys, you know when I said before, "thank you, but I don't really need your help"?
: what's the big deal, you forgot, she forgot, maybe you were having an off night.
Yeah, y'know I-I made a commitment to you. Y'know what, it'd be, it'd be fun.
No. Um, I know you like this, and I want you to have it. I think it'll look good in our apartment.
Hmm, care to make it interesting? I'll bet you that she'll have it by this time tomorrow.
Oh, that's great! I mean I'm-I'm sorry, but I'm so happy for you. And now I can work for you!
Ok, um so, I still have to invite Dillon and Emma and Shannon Cooper.
My brother, the PhD would like to know if there's any way to treat this orally.
If someone wants to give us a present, we don't want to deprive them of that joy.
Listen, we don't have to make that a guest room, we can think of something to do with the room together.
I don't know, maybe. I mean I'm dating a man who's pool I once peed in.
Okay, listen, there's still some of Chandler's medicine under the sink in the bathroom. Bye!
Can I ask you guys a question? D'you ever think that Alan is maybe.. sometimes..
Let's just do it right now. Okay? It won't be hard. Just say what's in your heart.
Ross, come sign this birthday card for dad. Rich is gonna be here any minute.
Oh, I'm sorry. Of course I mean that. Interesting idea, umm, talk about it, but no.
We got out pictures back from London. Here's all of us at the Tower of London.
My Sweet Sixteen! Remember, you went to third base with my cousin Charlie.
Wait a minute. That wasn't a hard eight! Last night I rolled a hard eight.
No, I want you to have a job that you love. Not statistical analysis and data reconfiguration.
It's almost 8 o'clock, it's almost past his bedtime. Where-where is he?
She's a hooker! She's a hooker! She's a... Hi! Uh, we spoke on the phone.
Oh my God! We love that show! I mean Ross and I have been watching it since I can remember!
Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you're home, I thought tonight we could finally organize these photos!
Hey, don't say that! You got just as good a chance as anybody else of getting that job!
Okay, I'm sorry. I think I can walk the rest of the way now. Just-just give me my boots.
Well that's because you always sleep to noon, silly! This is what 9 looks like.
But the minute we start to lie to each other... And by 'we' I mean society.
Get all freaked out because everybody was talking and just joking around about marriage and stuff.
No, there is no way! It can not be Ross! Unbelievable! Why is your family Scottish?!
So how does this work, you going to balance the plates on these little guys' heads?
Okay, fine I admit it! I feel terrible! Would you please rub this on my chest?
So you're a little older. Try to look at the positive: You have all this life experience.
Oh my God! Look at all the newspapers! It must be a good review! Is it great?!
I don't, I just, I just like the smell of them. So, uh, what are you really doing here Dad?
Hey Ross, maybe if your skin was lighter. Your teeth wouldn't look so bright.
No, I've had second thoughts about that. Do you realize how hard that would be to clean?
Could you guys please try to keep it down, we're trying to start a Boggle tournament.
Well, an-anyway, I just-that night meant a lot to me, I guess I'm just trying to say thanks.
My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get through it?
Mom and dad just sent me in here to find out if you were trying to get Ross stoned!
Okay, he's a lawyer, who teaches sculpting on the side. And- he can dance!
You know, that's true. You'd be a great person to have around the day after an emergency.
Okay, I've got a question. If you had to pick one of us to date, who would it be?
Am I doing here? Why? Surprised to see me? Ross brought me. How do you like that?!
So how you doing today? Did you sleep okay? Talk to Barry? I can't stop smiling.
Remember back in freshman year? Well, Billy Dreskin and I had sex on your bed.
Guys, could you please just stop throwing the ball for one minute and just help me find it!
Wasn't it a lot more exciting when we were y'know all over each other all the time?
They love each other, and they wanna celebrate that love with the people that are close with them.
Well, well Ross didn't care enough to be here, so I think he's out. You snooze you lose.
Hey Tim? I need a calamari and a Caesar salad. And umm, could you get me the pesto?
Okay, now this one is rare, this one is medium well! Now go-go-go! Hey Phoebe!
Okay. Okay, I got one. Do you remember that vegetarian pate that I made that you loved so much?
I thought it might be true. And I was afraid that you were gonna cry and then show it to me.
The woman that got married a bunch of times and killed herself when you were 13?
I cant believe you. You still havent told that girl she doesnt have a job yet?
Oh. Thank you. Ohhh, thank you very much. Oh, thank you for coming. Uh, just a second!
Is-is-is that message old or new? Old or new?! Old or new?!
Yeah-Oh that's right. You, you always wanted me too. Hey, I see you got your mustache back.
It's a stupid game and I wasn't playing against other people, so technically I didn't lose.
Ross is really strong! Okay, he's the strongest out of all three of you! Except for Joey.
You do know that was me who just said that right? Hey. As long as we're both up...
Do I go horseback riding in the park? Do I take classes at the New School?
Nope, sound like me. Pheebs, it's going great. Look at Chandler with little baby girl Chandler.
Wow, for a guy who's recently lost his job, you're in an awfully good mood.
So big deal, so Joey's had a lot of girlfriends, it doesn't mean he's great in bed.
Yes. Yes, I was. A guy. From work. I'm seeing a guy from work! Ha!
Y'know what? I'm gonna make this up to you. I promised you a stripper , and you're gonna get a stripper.
You're supposed to find your passion in life. You can be whatever you wanna be now. It's exciting.
Hello! Organic substances recently discovered in the depths of the rain forest!
I promise. Hey, speaking of together, how about we send out a holiday card this year?
Oh, by the way. Would it be okay if I gave the toast to mom and dad this year?
Y'know, in my defense, umm there was no glitter on the macaroni and very little glue.
I think it's a great idea. Yeah, we could have a dinner party and just invite her close friends.
Come on. Hello? I'm sorry you have the wrong number. Okay, I'll call you later dad. I love you.
Come on Rach, come on. Let's see what's it like to be on a winning team for a change.
Perhaps, you would like me to turn like this, so that you can bunny bump against my back.
Look, I don't even know how I feel about him yet. Just give me a chance to figure that out.
I can't wait to be with you! I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
Yeah, well I might be if I had the supplies! I mean, I could do all this stuff. Only I don't.
Rachel, I have not missed one question the whole game. I own this game! Look at my hand.
Oh, he's sober alright. Just turns out that Fun Bobby was fun for a reason.
Hold on a second, just put a little club soda on it and it should umm, be.....
And for our two-week anniversary, he's gonna take me to his cousin's cabin for the weekend.
Alright, well, maybe I should let you and the second prettiest girl in Oklahoma get back to work.
Yeah but it was because I-I had an eye exam and I don't like my new eye doctor.
You wanna meet some people? This is uh; this is my husband Chandler. Chandler, this is Will.
Well Ross, you be careful now. You don't want to get a reputation as y'know Professor McNailshisstudents.
What you guys don't understand is, for us, kissing is as important as any part of it.
Sounds like you need to think about what you want, talk to Gavin, and you definitely should talk to Ross.
No, I don't even know how serious he is about me. Until I do, I'm not telling them anything.
Umm, when I said that uh, that Chandler and I wanted to umm, live together we meant alone together.
Oh, you can have an accent and I can't?! Top 'O the morning to ya laddies!
Mom's here? I wanted to have lunch with her today, she told me she was out of town.
I just tell her, I have to get it over with. I told Ross and Phoebe and she's the only one left!
Um, okay, here it goes. I'm not 22. I'm, I'm 25... and thirteen months.
Yeah, tacos! Ever since you told me that story I've had such a craving for them.
Okay, those people just left, come on! Quick! Give him the money and get their table!
I was just saying that because I was ovulating and you said you wouldn't have sex with me while we're fighting.
Okay, just wait, please. I promise we'll come up with something. Just give us a little more time.
No Chandler, you don't understand! Okay! Okay! Okay! Fine! Now you know. Okay? I'm y'know...I'm sick.
What?! I thought he'd love it! His favorite kid's book was the Velveteen Rabbit!
I hope by maid you mean mistress, because if some other woman was here cleaning then...
Especially the after taste, you know, I'll tell ya, that'll last ya till Christmas.
Oh my God. You guys! You gotta come see this! There's some creep out there with a telescope!
Come on Chandler, come on, I can handle Ross. Hold on! Hey Ross. What's up bro?
Look, guys, you can't do this, it's just going to make getting over each other, that much harder.
This is for the scratchy twins out there. I taped oven mits to their hands.
Oh, um, that was my bathing suit from high school. I was uh, a little bigger then.
Honey, thanks for trying to figure out a way, but if you're going to Tulsa, I wanna go with you.
Rachel, you can go down there, you don't have to smoke. Just say you wanna get some fresh air.
Well, at least you're not hearing it for the first time at your fifth grade Halloween party.
We should get over there and see if she's okay. Just one...second! Score! Game! Come on.
Umm, why don't you give me something that would be a good reason and-and then I'll tell you if it's true.
Phoebe! You're sick, you shouldn't play. You should just go home, get in bed, and stay there.
Well...honestly ever since we got engaged I have been waiting for something to, to flip you out.
Well, the turkey's burnt. Potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined.
Because your all gonna make up fake specials and make me cook them like you did the other night?
Yeah, but her plane got delayed in Athens. But actually, she should be here by now.
Oh, hi, Ross. Yeah. There's someone I want you to say hi to. He just happened to call.
Honey, as we get closer to the wedding, is there anything that you would like to talk about or share?
Chandler, wait. It goes: Old job, new job, you. This is just something I have to do.
Yes it is. You see I've always found the men's bathroom very sexual. Haven't you?
Okay, but all right you're a guy, does it not freak you that you're never gonna sleep with anybody else?
Oh come on, it's only fair, you paid for the flight. Now is, is that enough lire?
Yeah but see I have nothing to compare it too. So even if you're horrible, how would I know?
And Dad, y'know that mailman that you got fired? He didn't steal your Playboys! Ross did!
Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I'm just gonna label it, "What were you thinking?"
Oh my God, my ass is sweating! Please! Please! Can you come? It's today at four.
Unless... Maybe we do it here. I mean, how much can she even be aware of at this age?
You're right. I mean I'm sorry. Yeah, I shouldn't be laughing. I should be laying down papers for you!
Anyway, I picked up this outfit that I want to wear and the, and the boots don't really go with it.
I can't believe it! She's asleep! I got her to go to sleep! I have actual magical powers!
Wait a minute, you got Ross Gellar and guest?! I wasn't invited and you got "and guest?!"
Ok! When I go places with high humidity, it gets a little extra body, ok?!
: Is this not the good part? Do you want me to fast forward to something a little toothier.
Wow! Wow! And it's definitely all gone? There's nothing there to work with? What were you thinking?
I will! But not tonight. For dinner music, I thought we could listen to that tape you made me.
Y'know what shoes would look great with this ring? Diamond shoes! You're not getting dressed.
No you didn't. Oh and honey just so you know, now that you're marrying me, you don't get to win anymore.
Oh my God Stu! I-I can't believe you did this! Now are you absolutely sure she's a hooker?
Hi sweetie, look before I forget, did I leave my diaphram at your place? Hi mom.
Now, most guys will hit uh, 1-2-3 and then go to 7 and set up camp.
All right. But umm, I-I-I'll pay you back all the money you invested, and you can keep the van.
Y'know what we should do? We should all get dressed up and go to have champagne at The Plaza.
She's just upset because she, uh, she buttered a spider into her toast this morning.
Oh my God. Wait a minute, I had them put... Oh my God! It's in the quiche! Oh My God!
Oh umm, how about your mom dying, or having to live on the streets when you were 14?
It was, it was really nice. We started talking and I-I ended up having lunch with him.
So what! As long as he's not wearing a white dress and a veil I don't care.
They can't all be bad. Find the one where you make your bedroom eyes. Ohh, there it is.
So, do you guys wanna come and eat dinner at the restaurant sometime in the next few weeks?
So I hide in the shower and the next thing you know they're going at it right on the bathroom floor.
How she drove you crazy, picking on every little detail, like your hair... for example.
In one year?! My God what did she eat? Her-her family! That's not the point.
They baked it. I can't take this anymore. I'm gonna call a meeting tonight, I'm gonna fire you tonight.
Yeah, well he's my brother! And plus he drives so slow he could never hurt it.
Hey, waitwait, aren't you the guy that plays the butt in the new Al Pacino movie?
So uh, Joey and Chanlder, I, I think it's time that you take Dr. Greene over to your place.
: Honey look we can do something else, do you want me to get into the tub and thrash.
Okay, I'll be back in just a minute. Oh, Phoebe I'm sorry that I left lipstick marks on the phone.
Okay. Wait, just give me a second, I need to just get my boots off first. Ah...Ooh...Oohh...Ohh...Oh God...Ohh...Oh...Ohh...Ohhhh...
I can't believe you're dressing up for him. I mean, you're just, you're setting yourself up all over again.
Oh, so much fun. But the best part is, we met this incredible couple on the way back.
Wow, so you guys are, you're never gonna be in the same room together? How is that even gonna work?
Thank you! You haven't said anything... 3rd Customer: Actually I do have one small complaint.
David, can you help me?! I'm trying to explain to Chandler how a plane stays in the air.
Oh my God! That's great! Oh wow! You're a published writer! I wish I had a present for you!
We're supposed to uh, be spending a romantic weekend together, it-it, what is the matter with you?
I hope you're hungry, we're starting with oysters. And y'know what they say about oysters, don't you?
Ok, I'll tell you what. How about I cook dinner at my place? I'll make it just like Mom's.
Oh, it was great! The widow wouldn't pay, so Phoebe yelled at her 'til she did.
All right! Let's go! Let's go Team Monica! All right, we can work out the name later.
Okay, guys! The candy is coming; I just need another 15 minutes for the chocolate to cool!
I think he is fine! It's just that we don't know anything real about him... we should get more information.
When I fall asleep on the couch after reading, she covers me over with a blanket.
Are you kidding?! I get a Porsche and the barca lounger's gone?! This is the best day ever!
You know, they're not actually supposed to have... I'll work on the lumps. Joey, you're going home, right?
I don't believe this! When someone asks you in for lemonade, and to you that means they wanna have sex?
Okay, look, I-I have enough stuff for one more sandwich, I mean I was going to eat it myself, but
Oh absolutely. I like it even more on you than I did on Colonel Sanders. Ross! Ross! I'm kidding!
Yeah. I think you have to draw him out. And then- when you do- he's a preppy animal.
Oh, what about that guy over there? Remember? That is the guy you flirted with at the counter that time.
Now I'm guessing that he bought her the big pipe organ, and she's really not happy about it.
Come on guys! Suck it up! We're closing in on ten hours! It's gut-check time!
Sweetie, with you it's gonna be different. The sex is gonna be great, 'cause you-you guys are in love.
Just out. Had some lunch, just me, little quality time with me. Thanks for your jacket.
Umhmm, umhmm, about the time you told me about New Year's Eve. Where is everybody else?
If it makes anybody feel better, then we can just forget the thing, and we'll just do the gift.
All right!! All right. I got stung. Stung bad. I couldn't stand. I-I couldn't walk.
You know what would be real weird? Is if you weren't there. Just say you'll think about it, okay?
Hi, good morning lover. I gotta say after last night, I'm a little weak in the knees.
That was not an incident! I-I was gesturing, a-and the plate slipped out of my hand.
Hey, what are you doing? You gotta save room, you've got almost an entire turkey to eat.
Joey! This is not like learning to ride a horse! This is like learning to...grow a turtleneck!
So I made snacks. Please, just hang out okay? I'm just gonna rest my eyes just a little bit.
Can we turn the TV off? Okay? Do we really want to spend the entire weekend like this?
Hey, Rach. How was it with your friends? Okay! How would you like some Tiki Death Punch?
I just checked my messages, and he said that when he gets back from Atlanta, we need to talk.
Oh y'know what? If you're gonna be acting like this all night, I really, I don't even want to be around you.
Um, I straightened out your shower curtain so you won't get mildew. What? To me that's nice.
What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from? Why don't you just kiss one of them?
No, it was Ginger. I remember, because when he told me, I said, 'the movie star.'
Oh thanks. Champagne, strawberries...Oh my God! I can't believe Chandler ordered porn on our wedding night!
Wow, this is so weird. I just realized this might be the last time we'll all be hanging out together.
Of course there's another guy!! This is even more perfect! Now you have to prove your love!
Okay. I gotta call Michelle. I gotta see if that was her voice or not. I'm sorry, I just have to.
A Magic Eight ball?! You can't be serious, you can't make this decision with a toy!
So, Mr. Rastatter, what exactly does this job entail? The ad wasn't too clear.
Rach, you're in a great place in your life. Come on, you've got a great job! Good friends...
You bet that I'd screw up?! So all that stuff about hiring me because I was good was...
Oh yeah, I got soap and sponges and rags and Carnuba wax and polishing compound.
Well if Ted Kopel talked about his coworkers botched boob jobs, I would.
All right fine! If it means that much to you! But just-there's gonna be a ton left over.
Hey, it is unreasonable to expect a child to wait for a light bulb to cook brownies!
Whoa! Whoa!! Tackled by a girl! Bet ya don't see that everyday, do ya?
Come on! Tests make us all better learners! Oh yeah! We should have essay questions!!
Limited seating! Oh, that is such a lame excuse! That's not the reason she's not inviting me!
Didn't you listen to the story? I mean, this is twisted! How could you get involved with a woman like this?
Alright. If you guys don't want it to be special, fine. You can throw any kind of party you want.
All right then, when I'm done with this place, it's gonna be ten times better than that place!
Fine, you can have the bath, but I am taking your boat. Now you're just a girl in a tub!
Here, I got it. I'll will play my message for you guys, and you can tell me if it's breezy enough.
I have no moves. Okay, whatcha doin' there?! Oh y'know what? I'm sorry, this is just too weird.
I am going... I'm going--Turn it over! I'm... I am going to get these drops in your eyes.
Hey, hey, look. Look Ross, Ben drew a picture of you! Huh? You're-you're a cowboy!
No, it's okay, not only did I get to go out with Chip Matthews, I got to dump Chip Matthews.
Well, she corned me! She asked if the wedding was in town! I mean, what was I supposed to do?!
Boy, I know they say you can't change your parents,... boy, if you could- -I'd want yours.
: yea well the weird part is... he was getting off to a shark attack show!
So if everyone liked it, and you liked it, that would make this a success. Which would make you...
Look, all we're trying to say is, don't let what happened with Carol ruin what you got with Emily.
You know what? It seems like you've been making an awful lot of stuff Irish lately.
Really. Well, at least 'big girls' don't pee in their pants in seventh grade!
Look at us all dressed up for the big office party! By the way, what are we celebrating?
Yeah... Yeah, I know it's pretty selfish, but haha, hey, that's me. Why don't you try the hummus?
Alright, but I'm very excited about this OK, so you gotta promise you won't get all big-brothery and judgmental.
Wait a minute! So you told people I was pregnant?! Does this look like a conversation that I want to remember?!
Because it would totally freak him out and tomorrow's our anniversary. I just don't want anything to spoil that.
I'm so sorry, I can't believe I did this, but I couldn't stop laughing at your Norman Mailer story.
Hello? It's Joey. I'm so glad you called! Chandler told me what happened. Y'know he's really upset about it.
I swear I didn't. Hey! Is that why you guys used to go up to your bedroom and lock the door?
Well, I was thinking, that you gave the guys such great haircuts, I thought, maybe you'd like to do mine?
Oh, I wish there was a job where I could wear this all the time. Maybe someday, there will be.
That's better. 90 seconds is a long time not to think about it...except all I did was think about it.
You don't think that umm, "The chef's Mahi Mahi was awful awful," is bad press?
Alright, you know, we got it, we got it. Let's play for real. High stakes... big bucks...
And he came at us with an axe, so Rachel had to use a bug bomb on him!
You guys haven't gotten your presents yet? Tomorrow's Christmas Eve, what're ya gonna do?
No! No it's not! It's not gonna be okay! It sucks! No swing band! No lilies!
Did you not hear where my head was? Come on! Come on we're a team! We're in this together!
It will be my pleasure. My guy has diplomatic coupons. Your guy can't even say coupons.
Okay! I'll be right out. I'm slipping into something a little less comfortable, and a little more slutty.
Well, given that we forgot to invite her it would be an awfully big coincidence if she was.
Y'know, I only know of two surefire ways to shut a man up. And one of them is sex.
You know it's funny, the last time Paulo was here, my hair was so much shorter and cuter.
I'm just saying it's been a really long time for you. I mean, women have needs. Do it, get yours!
All right, I'll go down there. But, I'm not gonna serve the lasagna. I'm gonna serve something I make.
Oh, then bring it on! Oh, unless of course your afraid you might lose to a bunch of girls.
And then Chandler was, was really sweet and he consoled me. And well we drank too much...
I couldn't eat it! I had five friends who couldn't eat it, and one of them eats books.
Pheebs, you've been up for 24 hours! Go to sleep, honey. Th-this isn't healthy.
All right, there's some pizza at my place, we can all eat with one hand right? Are you with me?
Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell.
Mmm, looking good. Ok, cider's mulling, turkey's turking, yams are yamming. What?
No. It was painful. Oh my God , they should call it Pain-zine, now with a little wax.
Ohh, this is soo amazing! I can't believe my brother's getting married! And in London! It's so romantic!
That's right. That's right. And that is why you can't stay here tonight. And probably why you shouldn't come to the wedding.
What are you talking about? She obviously lives on the second floor, seventh apartment from the left!
I think the things that you said about me are really unfair, and I would like for you to give my bouillabaisse another chance.
How many perfectly fine women are you gonna reject over the most superficial insignificant things?
Bouncy baby, Bouncy baby, Ooh baby baby, Ooh baby baby, Ooh baby baby.
No, to get a table! Places like are always shakin' you down. Everybody wants to be paid off.
All right, so I haven't cleared the budget with my parents yet, but tell me how this is for music.
Nothin', nothin', hey you're a cheapasaurus. I'm kidding, I'm kidding, thank you, I'm very greatful.
Oops! Y'know, your birthday is in a month-and-a-half, what do you say I forget to get you a present for that too?
That's right! Maybe it's time you took a good hard look at a mirror young lady...old lady...lady!
Wait-wait!! Okay, stop it! Stop it! Stop! Now listen, no one's gonna fight in this apartment.
Umm, so how long have you been working with your dad? Come on, one of us had to mention him.
Y'know when girls sleep with guys with weird things on their body, they tell their friends about it.
Oh, you mean like that guy thing where you act mean and distant until you get us to break up with you.
Oh, I don't know. Maybe, um, "That was nice?" Admit something to me? "I'll call you?"
That's right. I'm no longer a bride. I'll never be a bride again. Now, I'm just someone's wife!
Can you believe it? ...Y'know what? I just don't feel the thing. I mean, they feel the thing, I don't feel the thing.
What we did was wrong. Oh god, I just had sex with somebody that wasn't alive during the Bicentennial.
Okay. But wait, we can't. My Cousin Cassie is in the guest room, we're supposed to have lunch.
Okay. Umm, y'know, I don't think, I don't think I told you this, but umm, I just got out of a really serious relationship.
Look , I'm sorry, guys, I just don't wanna give them any more ammunition than they already have.
Yeah.. uh, but for future reference, that thing in your hand can also be used as a phone.
Oh really? Okay? Well what would you say if I told you that, y'know, Ross or Chandler could beat you up?
Rachel, if you want the little round waffles, you gotta have to wait until I find the little waffle iron.
Phoebe! Rachel! It's Monica! I wonder what you could possibly need me for on such short notice! Oh.
Really well. Yeah. Surprisingly well. Yeah, she didn't cry. She wasn't angry or sad.
Chandler, I'm unemployed and in dire need of a project. Ya wanna work out? I can remake you.
Is this the video of the baby being born? Sweetie, this is Phoebe's. Why were you even watching it?
I know! I know! I am a terrible person! I mean, Chandler is never going to trust me with anything ever again!
Okay, now Thanksgiving's over, let's get ready for Christmas. Who wants to go get a Christmas tree?!
Well, umm, Walker was looking for this big bus load of kids.... All right, I get your point.
You have nothing! You're not even going out! You're her baby sitter! You have a 12-year-old girl's job!
Oh! Why didn't you tell me? I made him his own individual sweet potato stuffed pumpkin.
Well, I actually had the weirdest conversation with Joey. He was talking about rules and right and wrong and...
Ohhh! What are you doing to me?! Oh look, I-I... I'm sorry but umm, this-this-this-this is not going to happen.
It's beautiful! It's like the first bathroom floor there ever was. Whoa! Are you going in there for?
But getting over was the hardest thing that I've ever had to do. And I never let myself think about you.
All right everybody! Everybody guess what? I just convinced Paul to give us a test next week!
Well you-you did start that rumor about Ross making out with Mrs. Altman, our 50-year-old librarian.
Oh my God! You own an Italian restaurant and you think that tastes good?! Where are you even from?
Ross! That is so sweet of you to get Phoebe that bike! When I heard the story, I almost cried.
Ok listen, you go down to the pool and reserve the chairs, and I'll get the magazines and the lotion.
Well, uh y'know, our guy works with Chandler and he's really nice and smart and he's a great dresser!
You gotta go home and get the earrings that you borrowed from me okay? Chandler wants me to wear them tonight.
: Here why don't you sit down, get yourself comfortable because I. have a little surprise for you.
Okay, how about the fact that he's engaged to another woman, who just happens to be your ex-best friend?
-but that wouldn't be fair to me, it wouldn't be fair to Alan- It wouldn't be fair to you!
Phoebe, relax none of that stuff ever happens! They just put it on there for legal reasons!
Doctor, can I see you for just a minute please? My brother has a slight phobia about needles.
So don't think of it as a bachelor party, think of it as a...a two month anniversary present.
You better believe he's tired, after the day we had! If you know what I mean. You know what I mean?
Okay, come on, I can't get married until I get something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue.
He was in Ross's class...marching band...kinda overweight? Well, really overweight. I mean I was his thin friend.
Really! All right? Let's forget about this going home stuff and celebrate our anniversary. Okay, this is empty.
Really? Wow, well then come on, I wanna show you how to fold the toilet paper into a point.
She picked Rachel. I mean, she tried to back out of it, but it was obvious. She picked Rachel.
Hello, this is Monica... Yeah??? Oh... Okay, yes, we'll be right, we'll be right down. Thank you.
Drunk enough that I know I wanna do this. Not so drunk that you should feel guilty about taking advantage.
Yeah but I was just screwing with you to try to get your voice all high and weird like mine is now!
And then we're gonna have a little Middle Eastern cous-cous. Something we can eat, with our hands.
The muscles from Brussels, wham bam Van Damme, did you see Time Cop?
Phoebe is going to say "Yes" to David. See, that's what happens when you meddle in people's lives!
No no. See, in my bedroom I set my clock six minutes fast. You wanna know why?
Oh my God. Okay, go into the bathroom, use whatever you want, just don't ever tell me what you did in there.
Y'know, I-I-I don't think that I can. So if you don't mind, maybe this will be it for me on the work things.
But either way... You're gonna get married, you're gonna be happy, my mom's gonna like you better than me.
Would you look at them. Am I ever gonna find a boyfriend again? I gonna die an old maid.
No. No you can't go. No this is fun. Come on we're just getting started. Here, here's your marker.
No-no-no, that's a video-phone. But hey guys you're not supposed to be here, so please, do not touch anything.
Come on! Surprise her! Show up at her doorstep! Don't let her go without a fight!
No honey. You have to sleep on this side of the bed because I have to sleep on this side of the bed.
uh huh.. I mean these things happen. Its' just a plate. Its not like somebody died.
Wow! You might just get the first Nobel prize in rubbing. So what country is this guy from?
Behind my brother's back? ... is exactly the kind of crazy thing you won't be hearing from me.
Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore.
Hand me those tomatoes, I'm gonna show you what it should taste like! Come on, hand me them.
I'm gonna hang this basket on the door and when the neighbors walk by they can all take a piece.
Wow, all you need now is The Killing Fields and some guacamole and you've got yourself a part-ay.
Come on Chandler, come on! It'll give us great practice for when--people with babies come to visit.
Now Joey, you go down there and you suck up to him. I mean you suck like you've never sucked before!
Okay, so, uh, we're in France, we're making the toast. Do you see a little bassinet in the corner?
Really, Rachel, I was thinking of you the whole time. Look, I'm sorry, all right. I never meant for you to find out!
Oh yeah, the Evander Holyfield phase. Oh man you were so hard up you practically came on to me.
What if I have babies, okay? I mean I'm gonna look different. I'm okay with that, but I'm not sure that you are!
Joey, put that down! Oh my God! It's Pete. Okay, get out!! How the hell do you answer a video-phone!
Wait a minute...Joey. Joey you can't ask her out, she's your roommate. It-it'll be way too complicated.
That's Paul's watch. You just put it back where you found it. Oh boy. Alright. Goodnight, everybody.
Oh! Ohhhhh! Oh! Phoebe, come here. Aw, this is my new bed. You gotta feel this bad boy.
Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in.
What am I gonna do?! That is the dress! That is the dress! Wh...Chandler wants the band. What do I do?
No. It disappears back there behind that baseboard. For a minute there, I thought it went downstairs.
"Take me to the mansion in the sky-y". I am sorry, the song is over. Did you see me out there?
Oh now that-that-that's funny, it seems like Chandler's conference could've been in Connecticut or Vermont.
That's mine!! Now, would you both please start acting like adults? And get me my cough drops!
Ya know, Roy saw Star Wars 317 times. His name was in the paper.
Oh, Phoebe, she couldn't stop crying! With those thick glasses, her tears looked giant.
Okay, is this like 'I have an early class tomorrow' or 'I'm secretly married to a goat?'
Okay, just back off mister! Whoa. 'Cause I am ready to have a baby. I just want Joey to be the father.
You know that's nice, y'know we could put it back there after the surgeons remove it from your colon!
Drunk enough to know that I want to do this. Not so drunk that you should feel guilty about taking advantage.
Look what I got! Look what I got! Look what I got! Can you believe they make these for little people?
Well I think the length of teasing is directly related to how insane you were so, a long time.
Look at me! My big concern is what's real?! Oh my God. We're really sad, aren't we?
Alright, I'll tell you what. I'll come get you in 5 minutes with some sort of um, kabob emergency.
Nice work everybody! So much for the y'know, "You can drive it, but don't tell Rachel" plan!
It is in the living room where there is also a light! And no one will kick you in the shin.
Okay, well, we have to get past this! Why don't we get rid of the tape and pretend it never existed?
Hey, you better hope that we're pregnant, because one way or another, we're giving a baby back to Rachel.
I know. But umm, one time there was this really dirty car in front of the building, so I washed it.
No Joey! Chandler could be your assistant! See, he could answer all of your fan mail and stuff!
Ok, the first person's most embarassing memory is, 'Monica, your party sucks.' Very funny.
All right, look, I hate this as much as you, but if it makes you feel better, it's all your fault.
I'll get it. Hello. Hi Emily! Yeah, uh you-you tracked him down. Hold on one second.
: Hey Rach its me ok I just got the Chandler's room and I caught him molesting himself.
I gotta make up the guest bedroom. Hey, Cousin Cassie is coming to stay with us a few days.
Well, maybe you should send him something. So that when he gets to Las Vegas he'll know that you're sorry.
Yeah! All right, maybe you don't have to smile. Let's try something else. Let's try umm, try looking sexy.
Hey, I just whipped us up some Easy Bake treats, they should be ready in about three days.
So whenever you're ready to apologize to me, I will forgive you. Good day! I can't feel my legs!
I am not 'so'! OK, I was a teensy bit weird at first, but... I'll be good. I promise.
Well, it's the thought. Hey, doesn't Ross's flight get in in a couple hours? At gate 27-B?
You know, on the way over here, I saw this drunk guy throw up. And then a pigeon ate it!
No, no! We should divide them up and I should get extra because we used my card to buy them!
Come here. I'll make you feel like one of the guys. You know for a really cool guy, you suck at foosball.
No! Wait! I think I can figure out the recipe from this cookie! I do stuff like this at work all the time.
All right, fine. Tonight's potatoes will be both mashed with lumps, and in the form of tots.
Hey! Do you think that we can get to the subway right there if we climb down through the manhole cover?
What?! You can't shed a tear for your dead wife!! Now, I left you a note from the beyond!
No! That's where we keep the canned goods! Have you completely forgotten everything you learned at orientation?
But I figured, you know, that shouldn't change anything. I mean, what the hell does it matter how old we are.
Um, well, I was going to, I-I-I really was. But um, then somewhere, just out of nowhere, I didn't.
Alright, for the bizillionth time, yes I see other women in shower at the gym, and no I don't look.
All right. Now do it soon, he just asked me how to convert his dollars into Vermont money.
What is the matter with you?! Do you want to fall into the trap? Do you want to fall into the trap?!
Aww thanks! God Will I'm so glad that you came! You look great! You must've lost like...
No, it doesn't, does it? But you wanted lumps, Ross? Well, here you go, buddy, ya got one.
Wow. Y'know it is so weird. I mean, you're gonna tell this guy today and he has no idea what's gonna happen.
Well sure! I'm just wearing sweats! But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you just want a girlfriend!
My god, if I had a nickel for every guy I wish I hadn't..., but this is about your horrible mistake.
Yeah, you're my husband. I'm not gonna live in a different state than you for 208 days out of the year.
Oh sure, now you're Mister Sensitivity. But when you wanted to have sex right after my uncle's funeral.
This is so bizarre. I guess it kinda makes sense though, y'know she had such a terrible childhood.
We were on the platform, ready to dance the world into the new Millennium, and the guy yelled 'CUT!'
Damnit! Y'know this whole time we were concentrating on watching the babies and, and no one was watching Chandler!
You're the most incredible woman I've ever met. How can I lose you? Now, I don't actually have a ring...
Okay that's it. I give up. At mom and dad's 40th anniversary, you're the one giving the speech.
So the wedding caterer sent me this list of twelve appetizers and I have to narrow it down to six.
Oh my God, sit down! Sit down! How long as it been since we've seen each other?
MEG was good for me but I dumped her. Ya know, my motto is get out before they go down.
Please, when he left town you stayed in your pajamas for a month and I saw you eat a cheeseburger.
Oh, you must be freezing. You know what you need? How about a nice steaming cup of hot Mockolate?
Oh, just some pictures I made and hung up. I thought they'd brighten up the place. They do don't you think?
All right, it'll be great! You just make her think you wanna have sex with her! It'll totally freak her out!
Because! She's my cousin. I mean, we grew up together! We're family y'know? Well that's important to me.
I'm sorry, okay. It's just that Chandler has somebody, and Phoebe has somebody- I thought I'd ask Fun Bobby.
Well, spring vacation is doing nice things with your grandparents. Spring break you're doing frat guys.
Sorry! I'm just-I'm not very good at this! I'm a terrible liar and I hate having to lie to Rachel!
No. If you thought this mess is going to bother me, you are wrong! All right, let's go Blinky! Chandler!!!!
Ugh, I can not believe this! I mean, who is she to judge us? We could not have been nicer to her!
Well, every, every Thanksgiving um, we used to have a touch football game called the 'Geller Bowl.'
We're going to Las Vegas to see your dad. It's time you two talked, and I want to get to know my father-in-law.
So Nancy told me about this job at this great restaurant, Javo . It's just a little outside of Tulsa.
Ross, but me down for another box of the mint treasures, okay. Where, where are the mint treasures?
It is nothing like the Hobbit. It's like reading about every relationship I've ever had, except for Richard.
Me too! Yeah, Chandler can't stand it. He won't even allow me to have blue cheese in the house.
God! Look at all these tickets! It's so exciting! You know I haven't won anything since the sixth grade.
Believe me, Chandler and I have not seen each other in over a week. We'll probably be the first ones there.
Y'know, it is so strange seeing Ross here this time of day, 'cause usually he's got the children's hospital.
No, it just remind me of something this guy did today at work. I told you about that funny guy, Geoffrey, right?
Look at that! Look at that! They're going into the first class lounge! Do you know what they have in there?
Okay, just stay there a couple more hours and if she doesn't show up by then, then just come on home.
Wow, isn't it ironic that David would show up on the same day that you and Mike exchange keys?
Well what is it? What is it? If it's gonna help bring the baby here, like today. I mean, I think you should do it.
Well, that's different. My lie didn't make one of us a felon in 48 states. What were you thinking?
You're going to talk to him! Y'know what? We made a deal, I make your decisions and I say you're going to talk to him.
Having a perfectly decorated tree is not what Christmas is about. It's about being with the people that you love.
Yeah and you better watch the flirting too, cause you know, in such close quarters, it could be trouble.
I mean, you're the one they're gonna come to when they wanna run away from home, and the one they talk to about sex.
Oh! Let's see, well...if this is the wedding hall then umm you're parents will be at home in Queens.
Oh, well don't take it to the same place you took the stereo, 'cause they've had that thing for over a week.
Am I on fire today or what?! Those birds are browned, basted, and ready to be carved!
I'm sorry it's just, Phoebe just always thought you were, you were charming in a, in a sexless kind of way.
Well, my financially challenged friends, I split my money and I bought some shares of CHP and ZXY.
I am so glad you guys got together, Chandler and I are always looking for a couple to go out with and now we have one!
Y'know what, don't tell us. We'll just wait until Chandler gets home, because it'll be more fun that way.
Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and- not having sex.
"Hi I'm Rachel, is my sweater too tight? No? Oh, I'd better wash it and shrink it!"
Okay, Rachel, do you have any idea how painful it is to tell someone that you love them and not have them say it back?
Oh, he is. And he is so dreamy. I mean, y'know what, when he left I actually used the phrase, 'Hummina-hummina-hummina.'
Did anybody else feel they just wanted to peel the skin off their body, to have something else to do?
So, if you're parents hadn't got divorced, you'd be able to answer a question like a normal person?
Ok, you see, the tag shouldn't be at the top left corner, it should be at the bottom right corner.
Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relationship commitment crap!
Wow! You're a lot sturdier that Chandler. He crumpled like a piece of paper. So how was you're trip?
Maybe we could call the phone company. Maybe they could change the message. Maybe they can change his number.
Rachel would be Phoebe's, I would be Rachel's, that way we all get to do it once and no one would get upset.
Hi, sorry. I almost didn't hear you, because y'know I'm just so in love with my new husband. We're on our honeymoon.
Look at it! Ohhh! Wallpaper's a little faded, that's okay. Carpet's a little loose. Hardwood floors!!
Do you realize that four weeks from today we're getting married? Four weeks baby!! Four weeks!!!
Tonight you're supposed to waitress for me, my catering thing, any of those words trigger anything for you?
Yeah. Go over to Joey's. Go over to Joey's and drink some beer and hammer up some drywall.
Maybe. Joey: Wait. Your 'not a real date' tonight is with Paul the Wine Guy?
It's okay. I suppose it could happen to anyone, not anyone I know, but... By the way I can still see it.
Oh, I know! Umm, is it because he's always correcting people's grammar? Whom! Whom! Sometimes it's who!
Yeah. But of course we had to update it a little bit. Hey, by the way, great thinking about catching me!
Ah no, you see, someone was supposed to take them down around New Years... but obviously someone forgot.
I can't believe you married Duncan. I mean how could you not tell me? We lived together, we told each other everything.
Okay, we'll start with the building. You guys take the first and second floor, Phoebe and I'll take third and fourth.
Hi honey. We just got a wedding gift from Bob and Faye Bing; they don't like us do they?
Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer!
Ok, my husband just gave your boyfriend some very bad advice. Look, David is going to propose to you tonight.
Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet!
How do I tell Chandler that it's too soon. It's gonna break his heart, he's not gonna think that I don't love him anymore.
Okay listen, y'know when you move in Rachel's room is gonna be empty, you wanna talk about what we want to do with it?
Hello? No rejection? I got shot down at fat camp! Boy, kids are mean when they're hungry.
Oh my god, Emma. Oh, sweetie, I forgot you were here. Oh, you're right, we can't do this. We can't leave her alone.
So I'm not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with?
Anyway, it just doesn't seem worth it to make a whole turkey for just three people. Okay? It's a lot of work.
Chandler, this is crazy! What did you even say to him! "Come up, meet my wife! Give us your sperm"!
All right, I'm gonna show you something a lot of guys don't know. Rach, give me that pad, please? All right. Now...
Oh no, you see we're on our honeymoon. So umm, can you do your little thing and bump us up to first class?
Okay, looks like Ross and I are captains. Okay, so um, I bunnied first so that means I get to pick first. Joey.
See? This is exactly why I'm making this candy. We can learn their names and get to know our neighbors.
Oh, I so can't believe this! My uterus is an inhospitable environment? I was trying so hard to be a good hostess!
Would you stop? We've only been going out a couple of weeks, I mean we don't even know if he's gonna propose.
Okay you were right! All right, I never should have bought them! They're killing me! One toe at a time!
Chandler, if that dog's been here that long, and you haven't had a reaction, maybe you're not allergic to this dog?
My mother's driving me crazy, but Ross is getting married. I'm happy. I'm not going to let anything spoil that.
Does she use the cups? Yes! I believe she does. Does she use the plates? Yes! I believe she does.
Ok, I'm sensing that this is some kind of word play, because you are pink with barely controlled glee.
Let's take a walk. Y'know maybe you should consider writing for Talking Out of Your Ass magazine!
: do you know how many times I've seen him jump up like that, believe me I know what he was doing.
No that is not what happened with us. Well, I was umm, I was really sad that night because this guy that I was Ross's mom.
Do you realize this is probably the last time we'll all be here in the coffee house as six single people?
How great are you, you little saver?! I mean, the-the amount you have is exactly the budget of my dream wedding!
'Cause I just keeping thinking about all these things that I'm not gonna have and it's freaking me out. I don't know what to do about it.
Yeah, ours pretty much sucked, oh, but, I did run into little Stevie Fisher. Remember him?
Oh no-no-no, it's only one night a week, and plus I get to take all of you out for a lot of free dinners.
Come on Phoebe, let's go! Come on, it's time to get serious, huddle up. Joey, keep your head in the game.
I-I-I'm sorry, your-your mouth was full, I didn't hear what you said. Umm, hats off to who now?
'Cause they took our apartment, I wanted to punish them. But I'm-I'm done now. They've suffered enough.
Yeah, well kinda cute, like really kinda cute, or kinda cute like your friend Spackel Back Larry?
You are so cute! No. No, it was a fight. You deal with it and move on! It's nothing to freak out about.
All right, let me see. Will Chandler have sex tonight? Don't count on it. Seems like it works to me.
Hi, umm I know this is last minute, but we've decided to throw an impromptu baby shower for Rachel today.
Okay, y'know what? Don't worry, okay? We'll take care of it. We'll call her. Just go home and get ready.
Hey. Okay, so umm, since that video camera thing didn't work out uh, I thought that I would give you just a little preview.
Hey that reminds me, I thought we could use some extra luck so I brought a wishbone home from work.
You see, if we'd gone around them like I said, we-She would've given us those tickets. Damnit!
Phoebe, your face is fine! Come on, none of this stuff is going to happen to you! Stop being such a baby!
You see that guy? He's in classics now, but y'know as soon as we leave he's going straight to the porn.
He just told me at the counter. He made me promise not to tell, but I couldn't hold it in any longer!
Hi, Ben. Hi. I'm your Aunt Monica. Yes I am. I'm your Aunt Monica. I...I will always have gum.
Hey, it's Phoebe and Rachel. Um, why don't you tell them what you were telling me earlier about me not being high maintenance?
I can't do that either! The soles' are already a little scuffed up and the insides are filled with my blood.
Ok first of all...It would be great. But that's not what I'm here to talk to you about. I need to borrow some money.
I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up's apartment! Y'know, I-I should be with a grown-up, do you know what I mean?!
So, Ross, what's going on with you? Any stories? No news, no little anecdotes to share with the folks?
I'm sorry. But not that sorry, 'cause you don't have to live with it. Um, we have a reservation under the name Chandler Bing.
You wanna finish this right now? All right, we get a deck of cards, high card wins. What do you say?
Uh, no. Loosely translated 'We should do this again' means 'You will never see me naked'.
Huh. So you're saying like umm, if there was an award for the best bad massage, well who would get that?
No, I think we should save our china for something really special. Like if the Queen of England comes over.
Oh, she was a cruel, cranky, old bitch! And I'm sorry she died. Did Dad say I get the dollhouse?
Isn't that sad? I mean, can you see how pathetic that is? You shouldn't be jealous. You should feel bad for him.
The strange part was, he was really nice, umm and he looks great, but I didn't feel anything at all!
All right, hold on okay? First thing's first. Okay, now did Ross sit anywhere while he was naked?
I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake.
Abso... ...lutely. See, I love creating new recipes. I love Thanksgiving. And, well, now, I love Mockolate.
Deep Impact was the one with Robert Duval, Armageddon is what's going to happen to you if you wake me up.
Oh my God. That was so amazing! When did you Hold on! I almost forgot loser! When did you stop sucking?
No, honey, its. thats a special plate. See its a game, whoever gets that plate wins.
Yeah, we switched meat suppliers at work, and the new guys gave me the steaks as sort of a thank-you.
And it could be soon. I mean, think about it: right now, somewhere out there our baby could be being conceived.
Oh it's so cute. I wonder what age it is when you stop being able to put both legs over your head.
What?! I mean, I didn't work this hard and-and-and lose all this weight so that I can give my flower to someone like him!
Okay, you stay here, and just wait by the phone. Spray Lysol in my shoe, and wait for Ross to kill you.
Dad, dad this is a good thing for me. Ya know, and you even said yourself, you've never seen Richard happier.
Umm, I think I spoke too quickly. There-there's a learning curve with this job and maybe we can try it again.
It's gonna be ok. Ryan's been under water. He's just gonna be so glad that you don't have barnicles on your butt.
This is so wild. Ya know, I gotta admit, I was kinda surprised that you agreed to go on a blind date.
Because I need the money, and I thought that it'd be a great way to get rid of that last little schmidgen of self-respect.
I don't know, my hand feels weird. I guess it's because, I'm engaged! How long before it starts getting annoying?
Well that's a little crazy. Although I am y'know glad to hear that you're branching out on what you look at on the Internet.
Oh wait, wait, unless you happened to catch the Reruns' production of Pinocchio, at the little theater in the park.
Yeah and-and I'm sorry too. But, well I just-I like things done a certain way and the chemistry's just not right.
I think this is so cool because none of our friends are here and we can be a real couple. We don't have to hide.
Come on, get into bed! I want to prove to you that I'm not sick! I wanna make you feel, as good as I feel.
Oh my God! Oh, this is incredible! Ohh! All right, y'know what? I'm just gonna roll right into that office and-and quit!
Oh, I know, I never wear fake ones. I just did it so my Mom wouldn't give me grief about me biting them.
All right, I'm gonna go steam my wedding dress okay? Who wants the responsibility of making sure nothing happens to it?
Well, at least you have one thing to be happy about. That jerk Gavin from your office didn't show up .
Listen, um honey, I appreciate this but you don't have to keep hanging out with them for me, I mean, they have each other.
No, he's not. And if I can't get pregnant with you, then I don't want to get pregnant by... him or anyone else.
Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.
Is there any chance that you can look at this as flattering? I mean, she's doing it because she wants to be more like you.
Wow! Look At This! I Can'T Believe I Even Fit Into This Shirt! Oh, this is yours.
I need a few more things to make the margaritas. Uhh, I need some salt, some margarita mix, and tequila.
It is so great to meet a guy who is smart and funny, and has an emotional age beyond, like eight.
No, no, not a party. Just a surprise gathering of some people Rachel knows. Um, this is Phoebe and Chandler and Joey.
Thanks. I'll call you tomorrow. Okay. Okay, let's let the Alan-bashing begin. Who's gonna take the first shot, hmm?
Oh man, they think they are so slick messing with us! But see they don't know that we know that they know! So...
Sex! This is the last day I'm ovulating, and when we don't do it now, we'll have to wait till next month.
Y'know in a weird way, you have too much power. Look, you're gonna have to help me out here, 'cause I only have three.
Y'know what? Y'know when I said that I want you to deal with this relationship stuff all on your own? Well, you're not ready for that.
I don't know, I've never had to use the other one. I'm just saying y'know, if we're having sex, he's not gonna be talking.
Are you crazy?! We own those two! I mean look at 'um, he can't breath and she's popping pills.
Look Rach, we have to move. I mean if they had lost, we would've made them get rid of the birds. Right?
I'm making a list of all the things that are most likely to go wrong at the wedding. Now, that way I can be prepared.
Good! Now, take those salads to table 4, And you! Get the swordfish! And you! Get a haircut!
I know!! Chip? Hi! It's Monica. 'Kay. 'Kay. Okay. Okay, good-bye. Oh my God, we just had the best conversation!!
You're right, you're right I shouldn't freak out. 'Cause this is what will happen when you and I have babies! When will that be?!
Look, maybe this is none of my business, or maybe it is, I don't know... but, uh, I'm kind of worried about you.
Oh no-no-no, not Dr. Burke. Dr. Burke is out of town. The-the on-call doctor will see me now.
It's easy! Just keep it casual! Give him a kind word, shake his hand and give him the money!
Is that why he's acting so weird...? He's jealous...? Oh my God, that is crazy. It's not like I'm attracted to Geoffrey...
No way, with one pound to go, c'mon. We're workin', we're movin', we're in the zone we're groovin'.
Well, you just-you put a quarter in and y'know pull-pull some handles and win like a candy bar or something.
It's not a date, okay. I'm just gonna teach him how to make lasagne for some pot luck dinner he has.
Listen, I'm sure that dad doesn't care. He probably thought this was funny; he'll be telling this story for years!
I gotta go water Pete's plants. Y'know what, if he's gonna break up with me, maybe I won't water his plants.
Because I don't have the money or the equipment to handle something that big on such short notice. I mean there's no way.
: what means if he gets like a disease or kills someone. not if he gets his jollys to jaws!
Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy soap.
That's right. That is right, you go over there and tell her you don't want her to live with you. Do not take no for an answer!
Honey, that's okay. I actually know this woman, Nancy, who's a restaurant biz head-hunter. Maybe she'll know of something.
I've not seen her since high school graduation. Oh my God, that night she got so dru. . . motional.
No! No-no! I love it! It is a great present! In fact, why don't you go home and wait for the thank you card?
Well no wait a minute that's not true! No, what did, that was really sweet. And it kinda works out for the best.
I'm-I'm sorry, it's just that umm... Well I-I cook at this restaurant, Alessandro's, and umm I just got a really bad review...
Well, CHP because I used to have a crush on Eric Estrada. And ZXY becuase I think it sounds zexy.
No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.
Oh my God! It's true!! Oh my God you are so amazing! Oh my God, can I just ask you to do me oh, just one favor?
Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigerator magnets.
You are! Hey, here's twenty bucks. -- Why don't you go buy yourself something pretty while I'm at work tomorrow?
Ok, right about now the turkey should be crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Why are we standing here?
You call eight hours alone with my label maker wasted time? Ooh, now I get to use my shredder!
Well umm, we were just talking about the y'know, the Swing Kings and just wondering whether y'know, they were the right way to go.
Soon! I-I just couldn't before. You saw how upset Joey got! I couldn't do that to her, she's my best friend!
I have like five times, but the guy is so charming, that I go up there to yell and then I end up apologizing to him.
All right Rachel, you sweep behind, I'll pitch it to you, you throw it down field to Phoebe. All right. Break.
He used to lock himself in the basement for hours. No one was every allowed to hear, "The Sound."
Okay. So you, me and London. Looking at people differently. Maybe he wants to do what you and I did in London with someone.
Honey, we were at this beautiful place, and I-I-I just put our names down for fun! I mean, what's the harm in that?
It's so weird, how did Joey end up kissing Charlie last night? I thought you'd end up kissing Charlie.
Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith.
Good? Didn't you hear them...I was great! Thank you so much for making me do this. That's is the best gift ever.
I had to go all the way to the basement because some idiot keeps stuffing the trash chute with pizza boxes!
Chandler! It happens to lots of guys! You-you-you were probably tired, you had a lot of champagne, don't worry about it!
Well it wasn't that many guys. I mean, if you consider how many guys there actually are, it's a very small percentage.
Well, I'm never gonna listen to you again, that's for sure! "Y'know, harm can it do if you go and put your name down?"
Okay, just so you know, I'm gonna be ovulating from tomorrow until the sixth, so don't touch yourself in the next 48 hours.
Oh, I haven't had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I'm never gonna have that feeling again am I?
I love you. Hey listen umm, when, when you were talkin' about our future you said cat, but you meant dog right.
I can't! I spent so much money on them and I told Chandler that I'd wear them all the time, I just can't give them away!
Well I-I talked to and uh, she's definitely going to have this baby. Y'know, she said she was gonna raise it on her own.
All right, come on guys, let's go! Tie score, and we're runnin' out of time. Forty-two!! Thirty-eight!! Hike!
No! No-no! He is totally incompetent. I called the chef who recommended him to me. He said, "Ha-ha! Gotcha!"
Honey, uh, this is a picture of the frame guy posing in front of a bright blue screen with a collie.
Well, I don't know... I-It's... just the way you say it... I mean, you're funny... You have that funny thing. You're a funny guy!
Yeah and if I had seven, maybe I would've said something like this, "Wow! My boyfriend's such a wise ass-seven!"
Yes there is! He's black and white and shaggy and he's sitting next to Rachel and licking Rachel's hand.
Come on Rach, when a guy says he's going to call, it doesn't mean he's going to call. Hasn't it ever happened to you?
Aw, my little nephew. Come here, little one. There's my little baby Ben. Hey, my little boy. Hey, he's not crying.
And the musicians, look, they can go over here , okay? And the chairs can face this way , and... You go.
This is not, what I'm wearing. I'm ovulating and Chandler's gonna be home any minute, so I thought we would try before dinner.
Well for your information he happens to be one of the brightest, most sophisticated, sexiest men I've ever been with.
Used to work with her. Used to! I'm a relative and I didn't get invited! A blood relative! Blood!!
Yeah, she hates all mass produced stuff. She thinks her furniture should have a history, a story behind it.
Not that, this, US. Oh my God, Ross, you-re, you're, it's jus-, you-, ever sin- you been here.
Okay. All right, turkey. Eh, that won't work. Cheese? That won't work. Olive loaf? I hope that won't work.
This isn't mine. Hey, this isn't, this isn't my stuff! Ugh, Ross! These are your boxes! Where are my boxes?
Aww, sweetie, but it's not like you're not gonna have anything. You're gonna have nieces and nephews, and some ways that's even better.
Alright, wait a second, why would Ross tell everyone in your class that you are as... "gay as the day is long"?
Okay. Mrs. Green! Okay I'm really sorry!! I'm apologizing for the- Okay, I bit my tongue, but I'm still really sorry!
Why?! To celebrate your relationship! To solidify your commitment! To declare your love for one another to the world!
Look, these clowns are trying to take us for a ride and I'm not gonna let 'em! And we're not a couple of suckers!
All right Rach, for what it's worth, I think that you're doing great. I mean y'know let's face it, no one handles this well.
Hi. Hi, uh, yes, this is Monica Geller. Um, I believe I'm taking some classes with you and I was wondering what they were.
What are you being such a weenie for? So he has a Barbi, big deal. You used to dress up like a woman.
No sweetie, you've got to win over the guy that controls C.H.E.E.S.E.! You've got to kiss some serious robot ass!
Huuh, alright, Danny Arshak, ninth grade. Oh, c'mon Rach, you know the bottle was totally pointing at me.
Don't get too cocky! Remember I won the last one! Oh, by the way, how did that feel, losing to a girl?
Mom says it's all of Manhattan, parts of Brooklyn and Queens, and they have no idea when it's coming back on.
Umm, I'd love too! Ooh, I love macaroni and cheese. I love-I love the way this box feels against my cheek.
Hey, Rach! I made a pile of your stuff over on this side of the room. If you could just......throw your purses at it.
Noo!! The point is that is was you that was there that night! It is you that I am marrying! It is you that I feel in love with!
Oh my god. We're trying to get pregnant so he's probably starting to freak out about the fact that my body is going to change.
No, a doctor of meat. Of course he's a real doctor. And he's handsome, and he's sweet, and know you'd like him.
Umm, excuse me, we switched apartments. You can't eat are food anymore, that-that gravy train had ended.
I cannot believe that I just spent the last two days trying to figure out the recipe and it was in my cupboard the whole time!
Oh, I'll have an espresso. Oh acutally, I'll get it. If I ask you to, you'll probably end up drinking it yourself.
Ok, these were unbelievably expensive, and I know he's gonna grow out of them in like, 20 minutes, but I couldn't resist.
Joey, what's it like on a movie set, huh? Do you have a dressing room? Do you have a chair with your name on it?
So, maybe I am a little high maintenance. And maybe Rachel is a little bit of a pushover. But you know what we decided you are?
Chandler that's crazy! If you give up every time you'd have a fight with someone you'd never be with anyone longer than-Ohhh!
Oh, um, around 8:02. We ah, talked for a little while, and then um, we went out for an innocent burger.
Well... That's not the only time this was an issue. You remember when umm, you spent Thanksgiving with us? You called me fat.
Thats not how you see me, is it? Phoebe while cutting a sweet potatoe in the air: No you're all about the fun.
Dad, please don't pick your teeth out here! Alright, and if you're gonna put your feet up, why don't you sit on the-
No, Ross, we do not hate Emily. We-we just, we just think that you're having to sacrifice a whole lot to make her happy.
I don't know, how about the idiot who thought he could drive from Albany to Canada on a half a tank of gas!
All right, I've got a whole bunch of uh-uh, stuff in this area, but umm, I'm getting the feeling that you don't want to deliver.
I don't need an actual man, just a couple of his best swimmers. And there, there are places you can go to get that stuff.
That tape was never meant to be seen by... Joey I would feel more comfortable if I was having this conversation in private.
Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life. The whole, 'hat' thing.
She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of us.
Look! You knew this about me when you married me! You agreed to take me in sickness and in health. Well, this is my sickness!
Listen, uh, you told me something that was really difficult for you. And I, I-I figured if you could be honest, then I can to.
Because he's terrible! Okay, he's slow, he burns things, last night he lit my pastry chef on fire!
Uh I really don't know what to tell you Rach, I really don't. I mean, maybe Joey can help you out with your, with your big work problem.
I know, he's too charming, but if you two start going out, then it's just gonna make it so much harder for me to hate him.
We left Joey alone with the food! Yep! Yep, I knew it! There he is... feeding stuffing to a dog!
Yeah, once again, I am sorry. Thank you. Bye. I just had to turn down a job catering a funeral for sixty people.
Okay, I think that's it. The seating chart is done. This is our wedding. They all look like they're having fun don't they?
Joey, you know, maybe your just not used to kissing men, maybe you just tensed up a little, maybe that's what you need to work on.
Sounds smart and healthy to me. So um, just out of curiosity, um, do you currently have any other racquetball buddies?
Okay? Over here we have pink suede, which is nice. But umm, if it gets wet then you know it's gonna shrink.
I just don't think arcade games go in the beautiful guest room. The beautiful guest room is gonna be filled with antiques.
Ahh, Pete, the other day when you said you needed to talk, umm, just so I know, is it good news or bad news.
Oh I'm working on my toast for the party, or as I like to call it. Sob fest 2002. Hey check this out.
This is where I thought the barca lounger could go! You see you could see the TV and it's still walking distance to the kitchen.
Okay, Ben, I won't tell your daddy that you had ice cream for dinner, if you don't tell about our little bonking incident.
I give good massages! I used to give them to Rachel all the time before she got allergic! And-and-and Chandler loves them! Watch!
: Joey I am not going to objectify woman with you but if her face is as nice as her ass woah mamma.
Y'know, no point in dragging it out. Dragging out the long process of you moving out and us not living together anymore.
He cannot play at our wedding! I mean everyone will leave! I mean come on, that is just noise! It's not even a song!
Okay it's time for the toast! Umm now-now, I know that Ross usually gives the toast, but this year I'm going to do it.
Y'know what? I am really tired of your bellyaching! Okay, I-I worked really hard at making this a nice place for us to live!
Nononononono. Think who you're dealing with here. I mean, I'm not like you. I-I can't even stand in front of a tap class.
Honey! Do you know that none of that stuff came from me?! I mean I never said I wanted to have babies and get married right now!
Naaaa... He still kills me. Last night he had me laughing so hard, I swear... a little pee came out.
Okay, if you need the vacuum, it's in my closet on the left-hand side. Ah, the garbage bags are next to the refrigerator...
Why don't you just weigh out the good stuff about the relationship against the bad stuff. I mean that's what I did when I first weighing stuff.
Look honey, I wanted you to hook up with Ross as much as you did. But he's with her now and you're just gonna have to get over it.
Rachel if you, if you want to go out with him, you can. Sound like a big jerk to me but if that's what you want to do...
Who da wenny-Benny boy? You the Wenny-wenny-Benny-Benny boy, yes. Don't cry. Don't cry. Why is he still crying?
Well, I just think the baby would keep falling off the dog. Do you, uh, do you , do you not see kids in our future.
I mean I-I thought you were nuts at first, but you-you did it. And now you can just look back at this thing with no regrets.
Ya know, I was thinking. Ya know how we always stay at your apartment? Well, I thought maybe tonight we'd stay at my place.
It's just... It's hard enough not seeing you during the week, but for Christmas... alright, if this is what you have to do, I understand.
Well he is! Yeah, I mean marriage is all he talks about! My goodness, in fact, I'm the one that's making him wait!
Yeah, well I don't think it really counts if you have to read them off the back of your hand after you fall asleep on the couch.
Okay. Okay, I can't wait! This is going to be the best Valentine's Day ever! I can't believe it! Make the presents! Make the presents!
Ohh, of course we are! We left it up to fate. If we were supposed to get married there would be a clear-cut sign.
Mom already called this morning to remind me not to wear my hair up. Did you know my ears are not my best feature?
Okay, all right, I think you're great, I think you're sweet, and you're smart, and I love you. But you will always be the guy who peed on me.
Oh yeah, I remember mine! Ohh, it was my sixth birthday, my dad took me to the park, I got it, and...it bent.
He's great! I mean we have such a good time together! He's so funny, and sooo sweet, and I'm not attracted to him at all!!
Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones. You got one, two three, four , five, six, and seven!
You may be okay about getting hurt, but I am not okay with being the one who hurts you. That's why I can't take this job.
I'm not really here. Just thought I'd drop these off...on the way.. my way... Do you come here a lot? Without me?
Honey, you can relax. Last night at work, Geoffrey told this really sexist joke. After that, not so funny anymore.
Chandler! Everyone--no one's eating my Tuscan finger food 'cause they're all filling up on Phoebe's snow cones!
Y'know what? He will forgive you. And I like to bring a pad with me when I go answer the phone just in case... Okay...
I'd rather hang out with a sniveling work weasel guy when I can be hanging out with my boyfriend who I actually respect.
How can you smoke in this day of age? Do you not seen that ad with a little kid walks to grandpa, it's chilling.
Money is so impersonal. Cookies says someone really cares. . . Alright, we're broke, but cookies do say that.
No! All he's thinking about is how you're taking this! I mean, listen it's totally freaking him out. He's talking about moving to Vermont.
I wanna buy 5 shares of SGJ and I wanna buy them now. C'mon time is money my friend. Thank you. Wooo.
Oh, I still can't believe my dad saw us having sex! He didn't make it to one of piano recitals, but this he sees!
Yeah. But a part of me also can't wait 'til it's over. Chandler and I have this pact not to have sex again until the wedding.
Well, after 15 years of mom and dad keeping it as a shrine to you, it's time the velvet ropes came down.
I am really an idiot. you see, I was filling out my friend's form, and instead of putting her information, I put mine.
Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fact that I serve you food.
Yeah, and y'know, if you could not mention to them that we live together, that would be great! , I was thinking we would eat around four.
Ohh... Oh, that's okay I hate when people come back to complement the chef. Like I have nothing better to do! So what's up?
I don't know it! I want to have a kid with you because I think you're going to be an amazing dad... at the fun parts and the hard parts.
It's not ok to do it in a doctor's office but it is ok to do it in a parked car behind a Taco Bell?
Oh it's not big, not at all, you know, kinda the same lines as, say, oh I don't know, having a third nipple.
Oh, sure it does! In high school, you weren't jealous at all even though all your girlfriends were cheating on you!
Guys can fake it? Unbelievable. The one thing that's ours! Besides, why would you fake it when we're trying to have a baby?
Chandler, we have talked about this. You are not supposed to give people advice! Now couldn't you just have made some sort of inappropriate joke?
Okay, I got it. Phoebe? All right, you pull. I'm gonna spread the legs as wide as I can. Joey? Now is not the time!
So why-why wasn't Ross's stuff ruined? And if you say the words medical marvel I'm going to Easy Bake your head!
I'm gonna miss this hand! Okay I know it's a lot to ask, but oh my God Chandler, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity.
An era is defined as a significant period of time. Now, it was significant to me, maybe it wasn't significant to you!
Oh my God, I can't believe what I'm getting ready to say. I wanna have a baby, but I don't wanna have one with someone who doesn't really wanna have one.
No! To take more pictures of all of us together. I mean I really think it's the best resolution because everyone will enjoy the pictures.
Oh wow! Okay. Don't scare me like that okay? I mean for a minute there I was like, "Oh my God! The worst has happened!"
Oh no! I don't know anything about cooking. I had to ask someone what it's called when the, when the water makes those little bubbles.
Forget the bubblewrap! There isn't time! Rachel starts messing up Amy's hair: Frizzy frizzy frizzy frizzy!!
Yes! Carol and Susan's caterer had a mountain bike accident this weekend, and she's in a full body cast.
When Mom and Dad drove you to the hospital to get your nose fixed, I swam into the lake and fished it out.
What if it's new? I mean, we agreed not to talk again, unless we had something really important to say. Shouldn't I call him back?
The days and nights are hard! I get it! Okay? Look umm, Rachel I'm sorry! I have to start getting ready! I'm getting married today!
I'm not going to be a part of this! You can't just bring some random guy at home and expect him to be our sperm donor!
Hey! Continuing the countdown of your favorite meals. Tonight, No. 3, macaroni and cheese with cut up hot dogs.
Gee, I don't know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!
White House adviser? Clinton's campaign guy? The one with the great hair, sexy smile, really cute butt?
All right, so now that Ross knows can you tell us y'know how it happened? I mean, when did it happen? How many times did it happen?
I'll be coordinator! Oh my God! I'm so sorry, I didn't get you anything! Okay, look everybody has to help! Okay? You can help, can't you Phoebe?
I'm fine now, but it was really scary there for a while. I mean, someone slipped a-a threatening note under the door.
Wait a minute, you stayed home all day and played Ms. Pac-Man while I went off to work like some kind of chump?!
All right, big brother. Which of these do you think would make your little sister look hotter, so your best friend would want to do her?
Oh, and I can also speak a little French. Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir? Why? What did I say?
And when he's naked I can throw him out in the front yard and lock the door and all the neighbors will just humiliate him!
Sure! If you're just gonna hang out as friends, then maybe I'll join ya. You know, I'm your friend and Mike's friend .
No, those first two windows, that's the lobby. And y'know the other one over there, that's the stairway. You've been counting wrong.
Ok, all right. It was an accident, I swear, all right. I was putting on my jacket, and the thing, and the lamp, and it broke.
That's what we used to call your ah, your motorcycle in high school. Y'know how a motorcycle is a Chopper, and you're Chip. Nevermind.
Okay! It's time for dinner. Everyone we're using our fancy china.. um and its very expensive so please be careful.
Oh wait, you know what, I got it, I got it, pretend like you just woke up, okay, that will throw her off. Be sleepy.
You sat back and let him have her, you didn't fight at all. Am I right? Do you want the same thing to happen with Emily?
But, you see, it's just... this night has to go just perfect, you know? And, well, Wendy's more of a... professional waitress.
All right, I'm out of oven space. I'm gonna turn on Joey's. Please, watch him! Do not let Joey eat any of the food!
Y'know, I think if I were going to be with a woman. It'd, it'd be with someone like Michelle, she was so oh, she was so petite.
All right, all right. Maybe I can fit them in if I just do some rearranging. But uh, Rachel may actually have to sit at the bar!
Thanks. Like, check out my new catering stuff. Look at this! I'm an omelet station! Omelet? Made to order!
Rachel you have to read this book. It's called Be Your Own Windkeeper. It's about how women need to become more empowered.
Oh, my mom called, they're gonna run our engagement announcement in the local paper, so we're looking for a good picture of us.
Hey Rach, what about this? Huh? Who-who gets this? See, I don't know if I want it because it might be y'know, too many memories!
Ha, ha, very funny, very funny. But I think we'd like to give poker another try. Shall we, ladies?
Oh, and by the way, he's lost a bunch of weight. I mean he looks goo-ood! Okay, I mean really, really gorgeous! I still love Chandler.
Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place.
Great! Umm, well what-what I was doing in Chandler's room is that umm, I was cleaning it! In fact, he pays me to clean it!
I figured out I need to charge seventeen bucks a jar just to break even. So, I've got a new plan now. Babies.
I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find, is the wonders I've found ever since...
I know! Now look, there's only one problem though. There's only room for one, so I guess one of you will have to stay at Joey's.
It's weird, but you know what I don't wanna throw this away. I mean this is like all I have left of him, gross, drain hair. Ooh!
All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap, and Joey can lift things. Now Phoebe, go tell the guys they have to help out!
Wait a minute, why don't you just call Mark. I mean, who says you have to sit here and wait for him, you've got to make stuff happen.
Y'know I used to go out with this guy that was a really light sleeper, and whenever I started to snore, he would just roll me over...
Okay, okay, I'm sure that Rachel came home early and picked up Emma. You go look across the hall, and I'll call her cell.
And, well, don't you have a lot of wild oats to sew? Or is that what you're doing with me? Oh my God, am I an oat?
Great! Well Rachel, the reason why I won't let you drive the Porsche is because you're a terrible driver. There! That wasn't about the wedding.
That's a good question. Look umm, last night we let the dice decide. Maybe we should leave it up to fate again. I love you!
Okay, the reason why I asked you guys out to brunch today is because I have been doing some thinking about who should be my maid of honor.
You're just new at this, it'll get better, think about your first day at work. I mean, that couldn't have been easy but you figured that out.
Come on! Come on, if we have sex again it'll double our chances of getting pregnant. Do you think that closet's still available?
That's good, have a seat. Um, the doctor says it's gotta be a needle. You're just gonna have to be brave, ok? Can you do that for me?
I wish we at least knew his name... Look at that face. I mean, even sleeping, he looks smart. I bet he's a lawyer.
He didn't die. I saw his daughter last week. Said he was fine. Her on the other hand, botched Botox.
You actually broke her watch? Wow! The worst thing I ever did was, I-I shredded by boyfriend's favorite bath towel.
Yeah, I'm sure your ex-wife will be more than happy to move to another country so you can patch things up with your new wife.
Hey, see that snippy guy over there? He's the one who decides who gets up on the platform. We should go dance by him.
I mean I have not been picked on this much since kindergarten and they had to bring in someone from junior high to do the see-saw with me.
Yeah, well, I'm using noise. Okay. All right! So, is everybody ready? Here we go. I hear something! I hear something! Where is it?
And Ross, if it weren't for Rachel's rumor I mean no one in high school would even know who you were. She put you on the map!
Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? .
Yes! Absolutely. Okay? Look, you'll know it's mine because on the right cup, the lacey part, there's a very noticeable rip.
That's because their nerves are probably deadened from being so stupid. But hey, y'know if you don't believe me, please, by my guest.
Is it me? Is it like I have some sort of beacon that only dogs and men with severe emotional problems can hear?
You would not. I can't believe this. I hate this, you're too normal. I can't believe my boyfriend doesn't have a thing. My boyfriend doesn't have a thing.
I'll get everybody else , finally we can start celebrating my- I'm sorry, uh apparently I've opened the door to the past.
Paolo, I really hate you for what you did to Rachel, but I still have five of these, so heat it at 375 until the cheese bubbles.
Look at these authentic fake medals. I tell ya, mom's gonna be voted best dressed at the make-believe military academy.
Why don't you phase it out? Yeah, fade the accent out and people will think you're, y'know, that you're adjusting to life in America.
Well, um, look I-I don't want this to come our wrong, but ah, you seem awfully confident for a guy I just told I wasn't attracted too.
Oh God! Orange juice just came out of my nose, but it was totally worth it. Oh my God, I completely forgot about your sound.
Well, I don't care! That-that turkey has to feed 20 people at my parent's house and they're not gonna eat it off your head!
This is great! Now she's gonna be mad at Rachel! Y'know what? And I'm just gonna swoop in there and be like the daughter she never had.
Okay, we've been out here for two hours and we haven't seen any stupid comets. Can we go now? I mean, Chandler's getting chilly.
No! No you should! A lot of major actors do nude scenes! I mean the chance to star in a movie? Come on!
What's to know? Buy sell, high low, bears bulls... Yes Manhattan...yeah telephone number of the stock...selling store.
When girls hang out, we don't have pillow fights in our underwear. I'm sorry. We do. We do. I don't know why I said that.
A jazz trio for cocktails. The Bay City Rollers for dancing. Wait, that was from my sixth grade wedding.
I don't know. Look he's a great guy and I love being with him but... you know. Things happen, and they happen. You don't plan these things.
Or, it could mean that-that you saw Chandler and me together and we y'know were being close and stuff and then you just want to have that with someone too.
Yeah. Anyway, he told me about your apartment. And, um, I couldn't sleep, thinking about it. So, uh, would it be okay if I cleaned it?
I know, I know. I'm just so tired of-of missing him. I'm tired of wondering why hasn't he called. Why hasn't he called!
All right people, we're in trouble here. We've only got 12 hours and 36 minutes left. Move, move, move!
Noo!! It's driving me crazy. I mean every other way he's like the perfect guy, he has everything. Plus! He actually has everything.
Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
Oh my god. Today's the sixth?! I may be done ovulating! I may have also served some very questionable meat at the restaurant.
Sit down. All right? Please, just listen to me. You are terrible at this! Okay? You are the worst ultimate fighter ever! Ever!!
Are you kidding?! I practically spent my entire childhood at the arcade! This is like-Oh my, this is like my second favorite game!
Alright here's something, it says to try holding the baby close to your body and then swing her rapidly from side to side.
Joey they're not real. I start miles beneath the surface of these things, ok, they're fake. See honk honk.
Terrible. If-if I want something done right, I have to do it myself. Other people just wreck stuff. I really think I might kill someone tonight.
We're not gonna have sex! Okay, nothing's changed here. He still doesn't want children and I still do, so that's why we're just gonna be friends.
I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn't that give me the right to control him-help him?
Oh yeah! I saw her walkin' it down the street the other day. She had uh, these flowers in the basket. It was so cute.
Good morning, Tiger! I'm making you a nice big breakfast so you can keep up your strength for tonight. You're gonna get me good and pregnant.
Oh good you're all here. Thanksgiving tomorrow, four o'clock. Oh, guess who I invited. Remember that guy Will Colbert from high school?
Of course I wouldn't approve, I mean, you were totally in love with this guy who, hello, was gay. I mean, what the hell were you thinking?
If we wanna get on camera, I think we have to get up on one of those platforms. They've been taping those people up there all day.
Well I'm not sure yet, but umm of the top of my head I'm thinking double sided tape and some sort of luncheon meat.
So what, he's a little older, big deal, I mean he's important to me. Ya know if you ask him, he might take you on his Jag.
Well, she actually has a boyfriend y'know herself, named Clark. Uh, she also kinda invited herself to our wedding. Clark too.
Okay, just to be clear comedy with the plates will not be well recieved. Ross makes some sort of sound to let us know it hurt.
I'm getting married today!!! I think I just cracked a rib. But I don't care because today's my wedding day! My day is finally here!!
All right! Okay, it's just Phoebe. Will's still on a diet, Chandler doesn't eat Thanksgiving food, and Rachel's having her aversion to poultry.
Really? But tomorrow night is the only night I get off from the restaurant. If you go to the game, we won't have a night together for another week.
Hey. It's three in the morning. They don't know that I've come home yet. You notice how neither one of them are wondering where I am.
Really Phoebs? Because, you know, you'd have to be an actual waitress. This can't be like your 'I can be a bear cub' thing.
No!! Why didn't you make a copy and-and keep it in a fireproof box and keep it at least a hundred yards from the original?!!
That is a wonder. So tell me something, Mom. If you had to do it all over again, I mean, if she was here right now, would you tell her?
"Tonight's the night we're gonna make it happen, tonight we'll put all other things aside. Give in thistime and show me some affection..."
Here. Ben, do you wanna play the airplane game, do you wanna show Rachel? Come here. We're gonna do something fun. Okay. Weee!! Weee!!
Oh my God! You are gonna love me so much! I felt really bad about the whole bachelorette party thing, so tonight you're gonna have a bachelor party.
Oh look, the pool table's free. Rack 'em up. I'll be back in just a minute. Get ready for me to whip your butt.
Fine! Don't be my friends! I'll buy new friends! Yeah, and then I'll pay for their plastic surgery so they'd look just like you!
Well then, y'know what? I care about you to much to watch you hurt yourself like this. So if you have to do this, then you're gonna have to do it without me.
Ohh! Umm, Phoebe, I kinda need to talk to you about that. Umm, well I-I-I think it might be time for me to take a step back from catering.
Okay! The movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help! Chandler, we're gonna start with...
No, no, no. They say it's the same as the distance from the tip of a guy's thumb to the tip of his index finger.
Oh, it's a great party! Great food. Y'know, most parties it's all chips and salsa, chips and salsa. So umm, what's this?
This is Rachel. I mean, what are you gonna do, never going to talk to her again? I mean I know it's weird, it's awkward, but you gotta at least try.
I'm sorry, they just, they just look so good! And the saleswoman was looking at me like, "Oh, these are way too expensive for you."
Ohh, she's looking down the hall. Oh! She looked right at me! Oh wait, you can't see people through that little hole, can you? Hello!
Oh yeah, she didn't hire me out of pity, it wasn't so she could pick on me in front of her friends, she actually thinks I'm good.
Okay, fine. Let's talk about snow. -- Do you think it's snowing in Tulsa, where my husband is having sex on a copying machine?
It's gotta be one of a kind. Y'know like umm, y'know uh, what's that God awful ceramic fruit bowl she has on her counter?
Oh no no, this is not for him, this is for me. That way he's still sober but I find his stories about shoelaces much more amusing.
Oh, Rach! Rach! Umm hey, could you do me a favor and would talk to Chandler's dad and try to keep him away from Chandler's mom?
All right then, go fight for her! Go to London! I mean, that could be you and Emily! That, but-but nicer. Just, go to London!
Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.
No! Y'know, the fantasy! Meet someone from a strange land, fall in madly love, and spend the rest of your lives together.
Hey guys! You found the presents? Chandler, you let them find the presents? Great! Do you know how long it took me to find you that water purifier?
So wait, Ross's stuff is fine, but I have no memories because you wanted to keep the bottom two inches of your car away from water!!!
The second that Ross walks in that door, I want you take him back to your bedroom and do whatever it is that you do that makes him go, rweee!!
YOU BET YOUR ASS I AM! I just had the best first day ever! The kitchen: twice as big as Allessandro's.
Y'know, I really have to tell Rachel, but I... We just have to get it over with! Y'know, the next time we see them we're just gonna tell them. Okay? That's it.
Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs.
Well umm, they both have a egg yolk and butter base, but a bearnaise has shallots, shirvel, and most importantly tarragon.
Well, he did this bit... You probably had to be there, but it was Liza Minelli locked in our freezer, eating a raw chicken.
No, no, no. Honey, I'm ok. Shake it off! Oh, no! No shaking, no shaking! Ooh! Ooh! Oh my God! I can't play!
Well, so far I have uh, my bride's maids dresses won't get picked up, my veil gets lost, or I don't have my something blue.
You know everything!! Oh wait, double or nothing. I bet you the baby is over seven pounds. I bet you it has hair. I bet you it's a girl.
Okay! Very funny! Somebody let me out please?! Come on, I'm cold! And covered in marinara sauce! Come on! Let me out!
Oh, well... um, that's all there are of these. But in about eight and a half minutes, we'll be serving some delicious onion tartlets.
I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I get off work and I find out that they wrote this on my chef's hat.
Hello? Oh, Hi, Ju Hi, Jew! Uh huh? Uh huh? Ok. Um, sure, that'd be great. See ya then. Bye.
That is completely untrue. You think I'm high maintenance? Okay, prove it. I want you to make a list and we're going to go through it point by point!
It's not like I want to get married tomorrow! It's just that I-I'd like to believe that I'm in a relationship that's actually going somewhere, that I'm not just wasting my time!
Hey, isn't weird to think about how next year at this time they'll be a little baby at the table? Rachel's! But good to know where you're at!
Wait a minute, just because he paid for your head shots you're gonna take him? Joey, I don't think you're comprehending just how slutty this dress is!
Well now, I get to spend my shower with the only people I really love! I mean, I get all those presents without having to talk to people I don't even like!
Yes! Every year Ross makes the toast, and it's always really moving, and always makes them cry. Well this year I'm going to make them cry.
If you have the big apartment you have to deal with people coming over all the time. That fridge has got to be stocked, okay, that's your department now.
When two people finally realise their feelings for each other, and-and they talk for hours, and they-they learn all about the other person!
This baby has got everything. Take y'know, locations for instance. First, organized alphabetically, then geographically, then by square footage.
It's worse. The only thing that's getting me through is knowing that I'm gonna be seeing you soon. I think I may even try to get out of here early.
Oh, what a great argument, exhaling! All right, y'know what, I'll prove it to you, okay. I'll trade you Joey for Rachel, and I'll still win the game.
Oh, please, stop! Look, we're supposed to be honest with each other. I-I just wish you could tell me-just say, "I don't like your massages."
Myself. Y'know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check! My mom does it, I never realised it was weird.
Yeah. In fact, I like her so much you tell her I want my cookies early this year! Y'know, a box of Thin Mints and some Tag-a-Longs.
Uh, look, Larry honey, umm, I wrote the book on Section 5 and I know that you don't have to wear your hat unless you're in the kitchen.
Hey, the point is that he was at everyone of your swim meets and he was there cheering you on! Okay? That's a, that's a pretty great dad.
Nooo! Never! I mean, we're living in the moment. God, it is so nice for once to not have to get all hung up on 'Where is this going?'
Um, yeah, so uh, uhh, listen, I'm sorry I didn't tell you this before but umm, I, I'm no longer at my job, I, I had to leave it.
Nothing, I'm just trying to recreate some of the fun that we had at my place the other day. Remember, when you picked Rachel over me? That was funny.
Oh umm, that's because I just wanted to y'know walk in on me and Chandler while we were, y'know, doing it all night. Will you excuse me for just a second?
Umm, actually I was about to tell you that I was, I was going to get out of it, but hey, if we're just goofing around then uh, maybe I will go out with him.
Well, we're trying to find someone to perform our wedding and they're all either boring or annoying or y'know, can't stop staring at the ladies.
Well, you're... you're different funny... I mean, you're... you're more sarcastic a-a-and... well, he does... bits... and impressions... and... and limericks...
De-caff. Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head.
Could you please tell me what this is in reference to? Yes, hold on. Um, they say there's been some unusual activity on your account.
You would not believe my day! I had to work two shifts, and then to top it off, I lost one of my fake boobs, in a grill fire.
Y'know what, I've got to walk out of here right now, 'cause getting over you is the hardest thing that I have ever had to do. I don't think I could do it again.
Honey, we've been trying to have a baby for over a year. I think it's a good idea to find out if everything's ok. Just a few routine tests.
All right, eight we get married, but 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12 we don't get married.
Look. I'm sure there's some friendly way to reconcile this! Um, have a seat. First of all, we haven't been introduced, I'm Monica Geller.
Fine! If you want me to wear the boots, I'll wear the boots. In fact, I'll go into my room right now and y'know try the outfit on.
What don't you just calm down Phoebe! All right?! Why don't you just get all your facts before you run around telling everybody that you're the only hot couple!!
I know! It's just that...ever since high school Rachel was the one person I told everything too. Y'know? I miss that so much now. She's my best friend.
I think it's totally insane, I mean, they work for the hospital. It's like returning to the scene of the crime. You know, I say we blow off the dates.
Well, my breasts are going to get bigger weather you like it or not! And you know what? It's not just my breasts. My ass is going to get bigger too.
Man, this sucks! Y'know if Mom and Dad don't see us on TV after we made them so jealous, I mean, who's gonna be the losers then?
Wait a minute! Unless, we give her all gifts she can use after she's done being pregnant. Like-like umm, regular coffee, Tequila.
Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I love that sound, I must have you now'?
Exactly. Oh, I love that I can be totally neurotic around you now. Tell me the truth. Don't you like it better now that everything on your desk is perpendicular?
Listen umm, I've been thinking, it's not fair for me to ask you to spend all of your money on our wedding. I mean, you work, you work really hard for that.
No I totally disagree. No I think it's fine for a guy to do something like that. Such you an actor. Not that you need to,your eyebrows are...
Did you hear that?! They bumped them up to first class because they are on their honeymoon! Come on! Let's act like we're on our honeymoon.
Yeah! You already got the first class tickets; you got the lounge! I mean we should get free stuff too! I mean you're not the only ones on your honeymoon!
Oh, what'd ya bring me?! Awww, hotel toiletries from Japan. Oh, these are gonna go in my permanent collection. You want some coffee?
Okay. Oh but Joey, come over later because I'm going to teach you to make a bird feeder out of just a pine cone and some peanut butter.
This wasn't addressed to Days of Our Lives, this is, this came to your apartment. There's no stamp on it, this woman was in our building.
Hello? Oh, hi Wendy! Yeah, eight o'clock. What did we say? Ten dollars an hour?... OK, great. All right, I'll see you then. Bye.
Okay, I gotta go find Rachel but umm, if you guys see her could you please try to give her some really bad news so that mine doesn't seem so bad?
It's so good, that I feel really selfish about being the only one who's eating it, that I think we should have everyone taste how good it is. Especially Ross.
Okay. No need to panic. Deep breathes everyone. Okay umm uh, we're just gonna have to spend some time and put the CDs in the right cases.
Y'know what? After you're with this woman for like ten minutes, you forget all that. I mean, she is this astounding person, with this, with this amazing spirit.
All right uh, the important thing is to take your time, you want to hit 'em all, and you mix 'em up. You gotta keep them on their toes.
Ohh, I'm so glad. Thank you so much for staying so calm during this. I mean it's really, it's made me stay calm. I coulda been worse!
Ya know, my party is fun. I mean, maybe it's a little quieter, less obvious sorta fun but, you know, if people would just give it a chance...
Anyway, we're really excited about our wedding plans, and well I guess pretty soon we'll be making a big withdrawal from the Monica wedding fund. What?
Wow, that's a big cable bill! Huh, you don't have a job, but you have no problem ordering porn... on a Saturday afternoon?! I was in the house!
Well you know it's just like living with a girl. Only they don't steal your makeup. Unless they're playing "This is what my sister would look like"
See Chandler? I'm getting a lot of use out of them already! They're very practical. See, you can wear them with dresses, with skirts, with pants...
Phoebe, it's okay. You don't have to tip toe around me. I-I've been thinking about it and umm, y'know what? I'm okay about not having that new relationship feeling...
You can't say that!! You-you don't know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anyway I-I tried, but I-I couldn't...bend that way. So...
Oh, friends first, drunk in London, you know the story. I've got a better question for you: Do you or any of your blood relatives have diabetes?
Because I know that you think the lottery is "boohaki" but we're all here and gonna watch the numbers and have fun. And you're my brother, and I want you to be a part of this.
They want me to do it, which is really cool, seeing as I've never catered before, and I really need the money, and this isn't a problem for you, is it?
Okay, here's batch 22. Ohh, maybe these'll taste a little like your grandmother's. This has a little bit of orange peel, but no nutmeg.
The woman from the museum called and said that there was a cancellation and that we could move up our wedding and Chandler heard! I know! How bad is this?!
All right, we still have a minute and a half to go, and we're down by two points. Two points.... Phoebe you do a button-hook again. Rachel, you go long.
What?! Are you crazy? You just had Ross's baby! It's-it's so inappropriate. No, it's worse than that. It's wrong. It's... It is bigger than mine!
Okay so this is where the band is. And this is where the bar is. And all these pins have people's names on them. And Rach, here you are.
Yeah Joey she's...Rachel's got this really big work problem, and it is a head scratcher. Wow! Y'know what, if we're gonna make dinner we're gonna have to leave. Yeah.
That was that girl Megan! She booked the Swing Kings on the day of our wedding and said that I couldn't have them back unless I gave her the dress!
"Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting my period or something, I don't know." Nooo!!
Sure. Oh, um, Chandler? Y'know, the-the old Monica would-would remind you to scrub that Teflon pan with a plastic brush...But I'm not gonna do that.
Yes. I hated you. I mean I, I, loved you in a 'you're my brother so I have to' kind of way, but basically, yeah, I hated your guts.
No no, the father can, but um, since I am the roommate I can tell you that she's not here and I'll pass along the message, ok. So bye-bye.
Okay, forget the specials for a minute. Umm, all right here's the thing, for the last two weeks I have umm, tried really hard to create a positive atmosphere...
Okay, the owner of Allesandro's came over to yell at me, but instead I made him some sauce, and he offered me the job as head chef!!
Okay ah, please don't freak out. Umm, but ah, there's a blue fingernail in one of the quiche cups, and there's no way to know which one.
So, I'll get candles and my mom's lace tablecloth, and since it's Rachel's birthday, I mean, we want it to be special, I thought I'd poach a salmon.
Why? It's just that I've waited seven years for an opportunity like this, and you can't even wait four and a half minutes for a stupid onion tartlet?
All right fine. Fine, I'll do it. I've just got to get this off the screen. Carol and Susan are still upset that you taught him pull my finger.
No. I don't think that you and I were destined to end up together. I think that we fell in love and work hard at our relationship. Some days we work really hard.
Okay, guys, listen, don't forget that tomorrow is the day that Emily gets married again, so whatever we do, just try to really keep Ross's mind off of it.
Yeah, I got this number from this guy at work and I hired a stripper to come dance for you. Am I going in the wife hall of fame or what?!
No. No, just, just, just a couple more boxes. It-it-it's no big deal, all right, I'm-I'm cool. You gotta help me out with a couple more boxes!
Okay. It's-it's about Alan. There's something that you should know. I mean, there's really no easy way to say this.. uh.. I've decided to break up with Alan.
Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just for old times' sake? Go Bobcats?
Oh, about five minutes. Right now they're interviewing his opponent. Apparently he trains by going to Iran and pulling the arms off thieves.
Chandler is supposed to find out if he's getting an assistent job at his ad agency. But out of the 15 interns, they are only hiring three.
How do you think I am?! You've wrecked all my childhood memories. You love Ross more than me. And I just rubbed a dead mouse on my face!
Whoa-whoa-whoa, Phoebe you gotta take her! Y'know I-I-I said some really bad stuff about her, but y'know Rachel has some good qualities that make her a good roommate.
Well, if you're gonna be totally rational about this, I can't argue with you! All right? Fine, if you wanna tell him, tell him. I just don't want to be a part of it.
I-I'm not gonna be able to make it into work today, I don't feel very good. Yes!! Wow! Uh, for a second there I thought I was really better, but I'm not.
Are you kidding? This is where they get out stains! Okay? This is like Disneyland for me. I'm-I'm gonna be over here watching the dance of the clean shirts.
Oh my God! You cleaned! Look at these floors! You did the windows! Oh, I have been begging you for months and you did! You cleaned! And nagging works!
You're the most wonderful man. And if you hadn't of said 'if I have to' like seventeen times, then I'd be saying 'okay, let's do it.'
Oh, But you're finally doing something that you love! I can't ask you to give that up. Though it'd be nice if the thing that you love was y'know... finding gold.
Ok, for my next song I think I'll sing something a little more upbeat. All right? Oh, how about the PointerSisters "I am so excited". And make it bouncy!
I know...God. I haven't seen my savings take a hit like this since I was a kid and they came up with double-stuffed Oreos. What happened to all our money?
Lewis Posin! He was my best friend in fifth grade, and-and then one day I asked him to be my boyfriend and he said no. Do you know why?
I can't wait to be with you! I'll sneak over as soon as Ross picks up Ben. I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken and potatoes... What am I wearing?...Actually, nothing but rubber gloves.
Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo, and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a sentence, I never thought I'd say.
Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky. As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
Y'know, all these years, I thought you were on my side. But maybe what you were doing was sucking up to Mom and Dad so they'd keep liking you better!
Wait a minute, Phoebe! We should be partners. We should be catering partners. I mean, think about it! You're not working right now, and we have such a great time together!
You invite my brother, you invite my whole family, and not me?! Why?! What-Why wouldn't you want me at your wedding? What could I have possibly done?! Stuart!
Hi, Dad. No, no, it's me. li-listen, Dad, I can't talk right now, um, but there's something, um... there's something that I've been meaning to tell you...
If you would stop thinking about Ross for one minute you would notice that there are great guys everywhere! I mean, look! Look, Gunther! I mean, he's nice, he's cute.
Hey, Joey, I don't think that you should leave Chandler alone. I mean it's only been two days since he broke up with Kathy. Maybe you can go fishing next week?
But I'm gonna be there... for the rest of my life. I mean, I can't break up with him. I'm the one who made him quit drinking. He's dull because of me.
Are you trying to tell me that we're moving to Oklahoma, or that you're gay? All right, not that this matters, but did they at least offer you a huge raise?
OK, look. That is Aunt Iris. This woman has been playing poker since she was five. You gotta listen to every word she says. Hi!
All right, let's be practical, if Ross isn't willing to do it, he's not the only guy in the world you can have sex with. You can borrow Chandler-Chandler is good!
Actually there is. Chandler usually helps me with this, but he's really into the game so I don't want to bother him. Could you help me fold these napkins?
Anyway, Ross and I were always captains, and um, it got kind've competitive and one year, Geller Bowl VI, I accidentally broke Ross's nose.
Okay, I got that. I'll escape over there. I'll come back over here. All right, come on Ms. Pac-Man. It's got-Right- Well, you're just a little bitch, aren't you?
Listen uh, I-I've been doing some thinking, and I don't know whether it's because we're here or Rachel's giving birth but umm, I think we should try to have a baby.
I mean they're trying to do everything they can to make me quit, and if there were any other job, I would. But this is something I've been waiting for my whole life.
: Oh well this is the only one they had at our video store, but they did have something called crocodile killers. Or does it always have to be sharks?
Yeah, well, I'll take a little crying any day over Howard-the-"I-win"-guy. "I win! I win!" I went out with the guy for two monthsI didn't get to win once.
Oh well umm, I make it myself! It's two parts ammonia and one part lemon juice. And now the secret ingredient is...y'know what? We just met.
But I need it. Otherwords I'm gonna have to take that horrible diner job. You know, with the dancing and the costumes. I don't wanna have to wear flame retardant boobs.
No. No. Not it. Not it. Not it. Don't crowd me! This is it! This is the dress! Oh my God, it's perfect! I'm sorry, this one's taken! Whoa!
No, thank you! You have given me so much! I mean, if it wasn't for you, I would never have gotten to sing Memories on the stage at the Wintergarden Theater!
We'll try to be more careful okay? It's just that, we don't want everyone to know because this is going really well, and maybe the reason it's going really well is because it's a secret.
Ah, well if you don't clear this off, you won't be getting one of those from me. But Ben's coming over here tomorrow to play this game, this can't be there.
All right then, then nothing changes! Everything is great! Everything stays the same! And you go unpack because it's been three days and it's driving me insane!
Ok, Mike, enough is enough, now you love Phoebe and she loves you, so you need to get over your whole "I never want to get married" thing and step up!
Chandler, you're not fourteen anymore. Okay? Maybe it's time that you let that stuff go. If your father's not at your wedding...you're gonna regret it for the rest of your life.
Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grilled cheese fixin's, and your family size bag of Funyuns.
Oh, why does this bother me so much? I mean I don't wanna be one of those people who tells their boyfriend they wanna spend 24 hours a day with them.
Man, I would be great in a war! I mean, I really, I think I would make a fantastic military leader. I mean I know I would make General way before any of you guys.
Yes! Yes! And I think that the first gift that Rachel opens should be from the grandmother of the baby, because you're the most important person in this room. And in the world!
Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a sentence I'd never thought I'd say.
Hmm, no. I mean how can I accept a restaurant from him? I-I-I-I can't. I couldn't even accept a necklace from Stu Vincent in the seventh grade.
Well, instead of being sad that tonight is my last night together with Rachel we thought we'd go out to dinner and celebrate the fact that Rachel is moving in with Phoebe.
Oh my God, the cat's made my eyes water! Don't-don't throw it to me! My vision's been compromised!! Oh God! Okay. Okay. It's okay. Man, that was close.
Whew. Although y'know, this is part of a salt and pepper set. I mean... I guess y'know it may just count as a half a present. What do you think?
Any time you want. Y'know, when I was younger, all I wanted to do was to play with this dollhouse, but no!! It was to be looked at, but never played with.
Yeah hey, a weird thing happened today whey I was at brunch. This woman overheard that I was marrying you and-and then she...she wished me good luck.
That's because as far as my parents are concerned, Ross can do no wrong. Y'see, he's the Prince. Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born.
Okay, sperm donor number 03815, come on down! Okay, he's 6'2", 170 pounds, and he describes himself as a male Geena Davis.
I actually know someone in advertising. I grew up with this guy who is a vice president at a big agency. Maybe I can get him to meet you? Give me the phone.
I know this is going to sound unbelievably selfish, but, were you planning on bringing up the whole baby/lesbian thing? Because I think it might take some of the heat off me.
I just can't believe you're in here. I mean, what am I gonna do without you? Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me? Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus?
Umm, I just wanna say, uh that with a pinch of exictement, a dash of hard work, a dollup of cooperation, we can have the recipe... Are you gonna kill me?
You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy.
Oh my God. Phoebe. Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential to break our hearts and plunge us into a pit of depression.
You say 'Thank you very much,' and then you buy me something pretty. Come on, we're gonna put are hands in this bowl, and we're gonna start squishing the tomatoes.
Honey I can't even imagine how hard this must be for you. But, I don't want you to lose Joey over it. And right now he just needs to know that you're still his friend.
Just going over my toast. Those two will never know what hit 'em. I can't wait. They're going to be crying so hard. They're going to be fighting for breath.
: he has to work, there's some rush on the big ah damn it one of these days I'm really gonna have to start listening when he talks about his job.
It's great! How? Chandler. Well my boss and I worked out a deal where I only have to be in Tulsa four days a week, so the other three I can be here with you.
Who? I mean have you seen a car come by here in the last hour and a half? I think we should call Ross, maybe he can get a car and come pick us up.
So, I went down to the post office, and it turns out it was those videos that I ordered for Richard about the Civil War. He loved the Civil War.
For this weekend! Oh gosh, it would be perfect, we get to see Joey plus we get to start our anniversary celebration on the plane. We can call it out plane-aversary.
You know, Rachel, when you ran out of your wedding, I was there for you. I put a roof over your head, and if that means nothing to you... twenty dollars an hour.
How dirty do you think I am? I'm telling you, if you had some candles and some bubbles and some music, you would love it! It would take all of your stress away.
So I did tell you. Okay, y'know, that really isn't the thing. Umm, the thing is that, right now I'm just in a place in my life where I need to focus on me. Y'know what I mean?
Y'know what? You're right, I'm sorry. Actually you were a big help tonight. Yeah, and thanks for putting my grandmother in the cab and making sure she got to the hotel safely.
Tell him that you haven't seen your wife in a long time. Tell him that having a long-distance relationship is really difficult. Tell him that what little time we have is precious.
So, I read this article in the paper the other day that says you're not supposed to throw rice at weddings, because when pigeons eat rice it kills them.
Look, I'm not happy about this either, but y'know if-if Ross says he's happy then we're just gonna have to keep our feelings about Emily to ourselves. Are you cool with that?
Oh no sweetie, no! This is my fault, I wasn't clear! I'm really sorry. And listen, you take as much time as you need to move out okay? There's absolutely no rush.
Then you two can, can sneak into the cockpit, and things will start to heat up, and then a stewardess comes in... I've been watching too much porn.
Lips moving, still talking. I mean it may not be ideal, but I'm so ready. No, I-I-I see the way Ben looks at you. It makes me ache, you know?
Y'know, you called me that before so I-I took the liberty of fashioning a star out of aluminum foil. Now, no pressure, you like my cookies, you give me the star.
This is Monica! I'm Phoebe's friend. Listen, Phoebe is back with David and he's going to propose to her, and she is going to say "yes" but I know she really wants to be with you!
My God, I can't believe this! I mean I knew that mom and dad were invited, but I thought that was it! I mean from the ages 7 to 9 Frannie and I were inseparable!
Really? Weird. Anyway, see, I planned everything really well. I planned and I planned and I planned. It just turns out, I don't think I planned enough time to actually do it.
Okay, I'll see you tomorrow! Just so you know, we're not seeing him tomorrow. I-I cannot spend another evening with that man. Do you remember how he behaved at our wedding?
Maybe because you used to be aloof, or that you're really sarcastic, or that, y'know, you joke around all the time. Or that you take off your clothes and throw them on the couch.
As a joke, this customer at work who has a crush on me gave me a $20,000 tip. His number is on the check, he just did so I'd call him.
What is the matter with you?!! Why aren't you more upset?! Aren't you gonna be sad that we're not gonna be living together anymore?! I mean aren't you gonna miss me at all?!
I know that switch does something, okay? So-so I went down to city hall and got these. All I had to do was pay $25 and wait in line for three hours.
Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love".
Anyway um, when he left he forgot to take the poem with him. Now, I am like totally dense about poetry, but I think it's pretty good all right. Check it out.
Look, when it started I was just trying to be nice to her because she was my brother's girlfriend. And then, one thing led to another and, before I knew it, we were...shopping.
Pants and a sweater? Why, mom? Who am I gonna meet in a blackout? Power company guys? Eligible looters? Could we talk about this later? OK.
Well umm, I was thinking that maybe we could come up with a system where we trade of being maid of honor for each other. Like hypothetically, if Phoebe were mine...
Great! It's so amazing! I mean, last time Dr. Roger came over, I was so nervous, but then after being with you I'm all like, "Can the doctor see me now?"
So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this, it's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.
Well y'know, I'm just-I'm just worried that bosses will see them and think they pay you too much money. Or! Or your assistant will see them and-and want a raise!
You just told me that he hates marriage! That-that he's a-a complex fellow who's unlikely to take a wife! That-that he's against marriage and always will be!
Honey, you know I think you're hilarious! Come on, you know that joke you told me last week? The one about Jerry Lewis and the girl with the lazy eye...? That slayed me.
Hi. Uh, my friend here was taking down our Christmas lights, and and she fell off the balcony and may have broken her foot or or ankle or something.
Oh no, it is okay, I mean as long as you know that Chandler and I are also very hot and fiery, just as hot as you! I mean our flame, whew, is on fire!
That's because I-I was just grabbing some things out of the dryer, and it's static cling. Or maybe it's just that God knew I'd be running into you and saw an opportunity.
I'm a good person. And I'm a good chef, and I don't deserve to have marinara sauce all over me! Y'know what, if you want me to quit this bad, then all you have to do is...
No, that's not it. It's just that when we were asking him all those questions before, I just... I just realized I don't care if he's the most perfect guy in the world... he's not you.
Please... Chandler is the love of my life... ... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! Ross: So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh?
No, c'mon, we can't stop, c'mon, we've got three more pounds to go. I am the energy train and you are on board. Woo-woo, woo-woo, woo-woo Woo.
We thought since Phoebe was staying over tonight we'd have kinda like a slumber party thing. We got some trashy magazines, we got cookie dough, we got Twister...
Oh, and the people are so nice. There's this one guy, Geoffrey, he's the Maitre D., Chandler, you will love him. He is without a doubt, the funniest guy I have ever met.
Ross and Rachel don't know what they're talking about. I mean its not like their so responsible. Emma is a product of a bottle of Merlot and a five year old condom.
Hi! I'm Monica and I'm gonna be singing "Delta Dawn""Delta Dawn, what's that flower you have on? Could it be a faded rose from days gone by? ..."
It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston Celtics had taken over the entire sixth floor!
No, honey, in a wonderful way. You know what you want now. Most guys don't even have a clue. You are ready to take risks, you are ready to be vulnerable, and intimate with someone.
Well, you're making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast asparagus, and salmon au croup.
You guys are always hanging out in my apartment! Come on, I'll only use my left hand, huh? Come on, wussies! All right, ok, I gotta go. I'm going, and I'm gone.
I think we are getting a little ahead of selves here. Okay. Okay. I am just going to get up, go to work and not think about him all day. Or else I'm just gonna get up and go to work.
Do you wanna live outside?! Because it's gettin' cold! She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she'll fold down the pages of the things she thinks that I'd like.
Okay, I have looked through a bunch of career guides, photocopied and highlighted key passages and put them into alphabetical folders so you can make an informed decision.
Go! I have it in my book. Go! Wait a minute! If you're in charge of the invitations why am I the one who has to call her-Hello Mrs. Green! Hi, it's Monica Geller.
No, if he doesn't like our cookies, too bad, I am not gonna be blackmailed. Look if worse comes to worse, it gets a little warm, we'll call it a theme party.
Please ... if I win the lottery, you guys are not gonna leave me. Someone gave me a basket of mini-muffins last week and I couldn't get rid of you for 3 days!
Nooo! Okay. Whoa! Okay. See I was, I was a little nervous about turning thirty. So the bus boys took me out for some drinks. I wanna puke on you later!
And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive. You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!!
Look, not that I enjoy talking about people who I went to high school with, 'cause I do, but umm, maybe we could talk about something else? Like you, I don't even know where you work?
No-no, wait! Just let me finish, okay? This isn't something that we just, we just impulsively decided in-in Vegas, this is something we both really want. And it is going to happen.
Oh really, so that hysterical phone call I got from a woman at sobbing 3:00 A.M., "I'll never have grandchildren, I'll never have grandchildren." was what? A wrong number?
No that was Jarred! Wow! I haven't thought about him in a long time... Anyway, umm Will's, Will's here on business and he didn't have a place to go so I invited him here.
All right guys stop it. Rachel, we're very sorry that is a very insensitive thing for us to do. And y'know what? Let us make it up to you, we have two really great guys for you.
I know! And four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set, who cares about the divorce, those babies will sell themselves. And I'm appalled for you by the way.
No! No-no they're not. They're still very angry! But y'know Chandler is also half-Swedish. You know what the Swedish people are famous for? Sitting down and being quiet.
Well then somebody's snoozing. Joey, not that this uh should affect you at all, but if you were to pick me, I was planning on wearing a sequined dress, cut down to here.
This would be a beautiful place to get married, yeah, but I wouldn't put the aisle there and I would never have the ceremony there! I mean you'd have the ceremony under this big beautiful arch.
You bet your ass I'm gonna fire you! Get out of my kitchen! Get out!! All right! Anybody else got a problem? How 'bout you Chuckles? You think this is funny now?
Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out?
Just, I love you so much. Just...It's just sometimes it bothers me that I'm never gonna have that feeling. Y'know when you meet someone for the first time and it's new and exciting? Y'know that rush?
Hello Greg? Hi, this is Monica from the plane? Listen, the number that you gave me 853-5... That is their old number! Jenny's been giving it out since they moved!
Look Ross, the only question you need to ask is, "Do you see a future?" I mean like do you see yourself marrying her? Oh my God! You did it already! You married her, didn't you?!
So what, you're not the only one. I mean, half the time we don't know where we're going. You've just gotta figure at some point it's all gonna come together, and it's just gonna be... un-floopy.
That's Great. You know we don't need to talk about this now. Really, I mean this is, is so way, way, way, in the future, I'm talkin' hovercrafts and apes taking over the planet.
Okay, I-I'm sorry. You and Joey, your both focusing on this uncomfortable thing, what you need to do is to change the subject. Next time you see him try to get him talking about something else.
Ok, this is pumpkin pie with mockolate cookie crumb crust. This is mockolate cranberry cake, and these are mockolate chip cookies. Just like the Indians served.
All right. Op, here it is! Right underneath the can of-of bug bomb. I wonder if the best place to put something that cooks food is underneath the can of poison?
Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could steal me from you. I mean, just because I'm friends with her doesn't make me any less friends with you. I mean, you're my...We're, we're...Oh, I love you.
Why would I say anything? That two of our best friends could start the greatest love affair of their lives! And they would have me to thank, and we could all start having babies?
I know. Hey, do you realize we may have just changed our lives forever? We may have just started a family. Nine months from now we can be here, having our own baby.
Okay, maybe this will make your teeth look less white. Nope. Okay, colors that don't work are blue, yellow, green, red, black, white, orange, and purple.
Okay, this is the den. All right, check this out. Lights! Whoa! All right. Less lights! Bad lights! Lights go away! Oh, see you just need to find the right command.
Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!
Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake. Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....
Okay, Phoebe, y'know what? That-that's it, that's it, all right? No dinosaurs, no ghosts, no giant dogs, okay? They're not the right size, they're not Victorian, and they just don't go.
It's okay. It's okay. Just pretend that it didn't happen! Okay? No one needs to know! I mean, Phoebe's not an official ballplayer! I mean, only official ballplayers can drop the ball!
Well, I'll tell you what we're gonna do: We are already late for Phoebe's birthday dinner, so you point out put out that cigarette, we're gonna put this fight on hold and go have sex.
Alright you two, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Now I don't want anything going on while I'm gone. Here's a few things you can discuss: mucus, fungus and the idea of me and Ross doing it.
Yeah, I think we're ready for our first course. OK, um, these are rot-shrimp ravioli, and celantro pondou sauce... ... with just a touch of mints... and... ... ginger.
I just wanted to say that I hope you do have sex tonight and I hope that you guys get back together, but I must warn you, the night that you announce your engagement I'm going to announce that I'm pregnant!
I'm with you Chandler! I mean I can't have sex with a sick person either, that's disgusting! But I'm not sick! Let me prove it to you. We are two healthy people in the pribe of libe.
No! But because he thought I was to faaaaa.... And every time I think about it, it makes me feel as bad as I did in fifth grade! Y'know, I-I really think that you should apologize to Julie.
No! No! No! No sweetie! No! Not like that! We're not at a barn dance. You've gotta-you wanna fold them like swans. Like I showed you at Christmas time, remember?
Maybe he's bothering you so much because he likes you. It's like in first grade when Skippy Langwild always pushed me on the playground because he secretly had a crush on me?
I also, did a little something in fur. But umm, that's really just for me. Okay. So, why don't you go into your room and try these on and we'll see-get a better idea of what's gonna work.
Okay, y'know what, I'm not fine, I'm not. I mean how can I be fine, hearing you come in with her, she wants to see your bedroom.... Y'know what, what if we're friends who don't see other people?
See, this is why I told you never get involved with your assistant! And here is no such thing as keeping secrets when it comes to affairs. Did you hear that Chandler? No such thing!
I've been doing a lot of thinking. A lot! And umm, well, I came up with a whole bunch of businesses you can do with your van. Okay umm, you could be flower delivery person.
All right, Rachel, I know-I know you think I'm crazy, please, before you tell him you love him, just-just try to find one person who thinks this is a good idea. Because I bet you, you can't.
Honey, I don't think that's something we need to worry about! First of all he's-he's never gonna tell her how he feels about her. And even if he did you have no idea how she'd react.
You're supposed to double the tax. Not double the tax of Romania. I mean, what's-what's the deal? Are you, are you trying to buy me? Is this the way you get girls to go out with you?
Oh, this terrible! Everything is destroyed! Look at this. It obviously meant enough for me to save it, and I don't even know what it is! Ohh, it's still soft. What do you think this is?
Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for yourself. All right? Y'know what? If you're too afraid to be in a real relationship, then don't be in one.
Hey, umm, so listen umm, my friends were telling me a little about this ah, ultimate fighting thing and it, well it sounds really dangerous. I-I don't want you to get hurt, 'cause I kinda like you.
Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt's to tight, gotta change the belt. Did I turn the fish? No, cause I made lasagne. Am I out of control?
No! But, they're callin' out to me! I mean this little guy even crawled up into my lap. Oh come on, Chandler wouldn't mind if I opened just one present! What do you think it is?
We have to do this. We are playing for women everywhere. Okay, just think about every lousy date that you ever had, okay, every guy who kept on the TV while you're making out...
Hey, wait a second. I can help you with this. You just need to be organized. We can make a list of your qualifications, and categorize jobs by industry. There could be folders and files!
Ok, trying to turn me on by making a mess? Know your audience! Besides, tomorrow we're doing those fertility tests and until then you need to keep your tadpoles in the tank.
You don't know everything. Did you know that I'm going out with Rachel tonight instead of you? Hmm? And did you know that the only baby around here is you?! And did you know that I can't even look at you right now?!
And, and, and they wear those little water wings, you know. And they're, they're running around on the deck. Then Hoyt wraps this big towel around all three of them.
Oh, stop beating yourself up! People make mistakes! These things happen! There aren't any message you've forgotten to give me are there? Apparently you're not very good at it! I...
Chandler look, I don't want to be one of those wives who says, "You can't go to the game. You have to spend time with me." So, if you could just realize it on your own . . .
Hi! If you're calling before Saturday, you've reached Monica and Chandler. But if you're calling after Saturday, you've reached Mr. and Mrs. Bing! Please leave a message for the Bings!
Well,fall out of it. You know, you shouldn't even be here, it's a school night. Oh god, oh god. I'm like those women that you see with shiny guys named Chad. I'm Joan Collins.
Alright, you see these little flower blossoms? They should be facing up, not down, because, well, the head of the bed is where the sun would be. You don't love me any more do you.
I don't know! I don't-maybe you're feeling a little resentful. Maybe ah, maybe you thought you'd get married first! Maybe you can't stand the fact that your formally fat friend is getting married before you!
Oh my God, me too! Oh! Oh, we'd be like friends-in-law! Y'know what the best part is? The best part is that you already know everything about him! I mean, it's like starting on the fifteenth date!
It's not just the drum noise. Every five minutes, Joey throws his sticks in the air, and I have to hear, "Oh my eye! Oh god, my eye!" I mean, it is so annoying.
Well, Rachel wants to take swing dance lessons. Which I think is a really stupid idea! It's dangerous, she's never gonna get what she wants, and who knows who she might end up hurting.
Oh please! Dad turned my room into a gym 20 minutes after I moved out! I gotta say, a tanning bed and a stack of Victoria's Secret catalogues, not a gym!
Excuse us! Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now?
Ok. Oh boy. You are doin' so good. You wanna squeeze my hand? All right, Ross, don't squeeze it so hard. Honey, really, don't squeeze it so hard! Oh, Ross! Let go of my hand!
Aunt Syl, stop yelling! All I'm saying is that if you had told me vegetarian lasagna, I would have made vegetarian lasagna. Well, the meat's only every third layer, maybe you could scrape.
And y'know what, I just realised, in the last year I've only gone out with two guys, Richard and Julio. You gotta help me out here, you gotta set me up, you gotta get me back in the game.
So, how'd the lasagne go over? Really?! Good. So you owe me three pretty things. Yeah, I've been thinking a lot about you too. I know. It's hard this whole platonic thing. It's a word!
Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine tasting without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... zoo.
What? Wait! Why? Chandler! Chandler! Wait! I'm sorry, I was just playing for one second! I was trying to find you to tell you that, look if you don't want me to see Richard again, I won't! He means nothing to me!
I can't believe I did this. I can't believe I'm singing for the people, and they liked me! Hey, did you hear thatone shouting "look at those tips"! I mean, did I really help you get a lot of tips?
That is exactly why I do not lend you stuff!! Okay?! I mean, first it's my jewelry! And if it's not my jewelry, it's-it's my blue sweater! And if it's not my sweater, it's my sunglasses!
It took me 28 years to find one man that I wanna spend my life with, if I have to wait another 28 years then, I'll be 56 before I can have a baby, and that's just stupid.
Aunt Syl, I did this as a favor, I am not a caterer. What do you want me to do with a dozen lasagnas? Nice talk, Aunt Syl. You kiss Uncle Freddie with that mouth?
Look honey, you don't have to do this, okay? It's the strength you have inside that means the most to me. You're loyal, you're honest, and you have integrity! That's the kind of strength that I want in the man that I love!
Yes. Well I got his machine and I left a message. But it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, because you know it was like a casual, breezy message. It was breezy! Oh God, what if it wasn't breezy?
OK, wait, wait, wait, wait. You know what? Ross, let's - let's switch places. You get in the middle. No un-, ya know, unless this looks like we're trying to cover something up.
I can't believe this, just like 2 weeks ago I was watching Sudden Death, now I'm on a date with Jean-Claude Van Damme. Can you beat up that guy? Can you beat up that guy?
I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! Hi, Tim.
What?! Ross y'know this isn't even about you! I mean this is about Rachel and something wonderful happening for her. I mean you know even if you're right, what if he wants to sleep with her, does it mean he gets too?
All right. The super couldn't figure out what it did. A $200 an hour electrician couldn't figure out what it did. I've had seven pretty serious shocks. I officially give up.
Well, I've tried everything. I give up. I guess I'm not gonna be the mom who makes the world's best chocolate cookies. I do make the best duck confit with broccoli rabe. Kids love that right.
Oh honey, we're close now but you-you wouldn't believe the years of-of nugies, and wedgies, and flying wedgies, and atomic wedgies, and.... That's where the waistband actually goes over your head.
Hey guys this stuff is just so way in the past. You-you've been through so much since then. And right now you've got so much more important stuff going on in your life. Can't you just let this go?
"Hi, it's Monica. I'm just checking in 'cause I got this message from you and I didn't know if it was old or new or what. So, I'm just checkin'. So let me know, or don't, whatever. I'm breezy."
Hello? No, he's not here. Yeah, this is his wife. Yeah, well, it came as quite a shock to me too. I guess I should have known. Yeah, I mean, he just kept making me watch Moulin Rouge.
Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran into Ross and Chandler downstairs, and they think we should go out and celebrate. You know, someplace nice.
You don't tell me what to do! I tell you what to do! Just call her. She's at the Paradise Hotel in Barbados. And while I've got you, you've got curly hair. What do you do in humidity? Damnit!
All right that's it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna do a dance? You want your mom stand at the Alter and scream racial slurs? I don't care!
Yeah. The great thing about the jam plan was, I was taking control of my life. So I asked myself, what is the most important thing to me in the world and that's when I came up with the baby plan.
Come here! Come here! Sweetie you don't have to worry. No, besides y'know what? I'm gonna have a lot of new things with you. The first time we buy a house. Our first kid. Our first grandkid...
You heard him! "No bigger!" "You're perfect!" "Just don't get any bigger!" Oh my god he sounded just like my high school wrestling coach. You know what? I'm going to have to talk to Chandler.
No, I can't afford this either. No. I-I-I'm, I'm just to figure out which one I want then I'm gonna get it at Kleinman's, this discount place in Brooklyn, day after tomorrow they are having a huge sale.
I mean, why should I let them meet him? I mean, I bring a guy home, and within five minutes they're all over him. I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the weak members of the herd.
It was soo amazing, he is so sexy, and smart, which makes him even sexier. Oh gosh, I gotta so you this. Last night, we were fooling around and he stops to write a poem.
So Rach! You're the first guest at Hotel Monica! Umm, you'll just have to tell me how you like your eggs in the morning. And I thought I would bring them to you, y'know, in bed. Oh, you have been through so much.
You know what, maybe I don't need to have children. You know maybe I just think I do because that is what society, and by that I mean my mom, has always convinced me that I... I do, I have to have children, I'm sorry, I just do.
Okay, I umm, I ran into Richard yesterday and he asked me if I wanted to go for a bite and I did. The only reason I didn't tell you is because I knew you'd get mad and I didn't want to spoil our anniversary.
You went to one where you were popular, and you got to ride off Chip's motorcycle, and wear his letterman jacket. I went to one where I wore a band uniform they had to have specially made.
Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he's obviously depressed. He's away from his family; he's spending Thanksgiving with strangers. What he needs right now is for you to be his friend.
I don't believe this! Wow, look at this refrigerator! It's gigantic! I mean I could live in this thing! I'd be cold, but I'm always cold. Oh my God, look at these spider burners! I love spider burners.
I'm the hostess! Not those guys! I'm always the hostess! I mean, I was always the hostess, I mean even when I was little, I mean the girls brought their dollies to my tea party, I-I served the best air.
Listen you guys, I don't mean to be a pain about this but, um, I've noticed that some of you are just placing them on. You wanna push the caps until you hear them click. Gunther, where're you going?
I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do?
Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight's specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea Bass prepared with a Mango relish on a bag-Why is nobody writing these down?
All right, that I'll retract. But I stand by my review, I know food and that wasn't it. You're marinara sauce tasted like tomato juice! You should serve it with vodka and a piece of celery.
Right. Umm, listen since we're-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross's mother...
This isn't easy for me either. I wish things were different, I... If you were a few years older, or if I was a few years younger, or if we lived in biblical times, I would really...
This is so typical. Y'know, we give, and we give, and we give. And then- we just get nothing back! And then one day, y'know, it's just, you wake up, and "See you around!" Let's go, Phoebe.
Honey, I'm not returning them. Okay? I mean I-I know they cost a lot, but I'm going to wear them all the time. You'll see. Besides, I love the compliments. I mean, have you ever had something so beautiful everyone wanted it?
Oh my God, it was the best funeral ever! I mean, everyone loved the food, and guess what? I even got another funeral for tomorrow-the dead-guy-from-today's best friend. I mean, it is like I am the official caterer for that accident!
Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fares again... the high today was forty-five... and- oh, teams played sports.
Ugh, she's upstairs not doing the dishes! And I tell ya something! I'm not doing them this time! I don't care if those dishes sit in the sink until they're all covered with-I'll do them when I get home!
'Dear Dr. Remore, know that I love you and would do anything to have you.' Gosh. 'Your not-so-secretive admirer, Erica Ford.' Ooh wait, 'PS enclosed please find 14 of my eyelashes.'
Honey, umm I-I love you, but umm, if you call our wedding a party one more time, you may not get invited. Okay? Listen, we could always earn more money, okay? But uh, we're only gonna get married once.
Yeah, yeah, it's interesting.. but y'know what? Just for fun, let's see what it looked like in the old spot. Alright, just to compare. Let's see. Well, it looks good there too. Let's just leave it there for a while.
No, you're right. Mnya, we shouldn't do it like this. Huch. For what it's worth, I'm, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have come down on you so hard about the smoking. So you had a few cigarettes, not the end of the world.
Yeah! I mean it was really funny, I-I just don't think you got it. You see Kara's coffee is-is-is weak tasting, okay? But-but what Doug was-was imply that it was weak physically. You get it now honey?
No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as soon as they come in! Y'know, when I'm with her, I am so much more than that. I'm- I'm Monana!
Hi, who's this? Hi, Joanne. Is Rachel working? It's Monica. Yes, I know I did a horrible thing. Joanne, it's not as simple as all that, ok? No, I don't care what Steve thinks. Hi, Steve.
Okay, fine but please don't be upset! Okay? I was really depressed okay? And really drunk! I just wanted something stupid and meaningless. I just wanted...just sex. So, when I...went to your room that night...I was actually looking...for Joey.
All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7 ...7.....7...7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7...!
All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7, ...7.....7...7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7...!
Well, there's a lot to think about. I mean, how is she, how is she going to handle this financially? How is she going to juggle work? Does she realize she's not going to have a date again for the next eighteen years?
No! No! I shouldn't have even opened these! I mean I-Joey I am out of control!! Joey, you have to do me a favor. No matter what I say, no matter what I do, please do not let me open another present! Okay?
Fine! Judge all you want to but, married a lesbian, left a man at the altar, fell in love with a gay ice dancer, threw a girl's wooden leg in a fire, livin' in a box!!
I'm going into business people. I'm sick and tired of being depressed about Richard. I needed a plan, a plan to get over my man. What's the opposite of man? Jam. Oh Joey don't! It's way to hot.
Of course not. I mean gosh, Chandler what you did, it's, it's a wonderful thing and I really appreciate it. I know I have this weird thing where I want everything to be in the perfect place, but I'd never expect you to worry about that.
It's not like, I haven't any opportunities. I mean, y'know, I'm just waiting for the perfect guy. I'm seeing this guy Roger, all right? He's not perfect, but umm, I think maybe I should just get it over with. Y'know, give him my flower.
All right, I'll take one box of the mint treasures, just one, and that's it. I-I started gaining weight after I joined the Brown Birds. Remember, how Dad bought all my boxes and I ate them all?
No! No, she doesn't. Uh Phoebe, what she makes-that's uh-they're sock rabbits. They are completely different-Okay! Okay! Okay! I didn't make it! I'm sorry! I totally forgot about tonight and the fact that we're supposed to make the presents!
Um, okay. You just called a little while ago about needing a signature on the admissions form. Well, it turns out we need a whole new one because uh, you see, I-I, I put the wrong name again. 'cause um...
You know what? This is not over. We will play you again, and we will win, and you will lose, and you will beg, and we will laugh, and we will take every last dime you have, and you will hate yourselves forever.
My stock, MEG, it went up 2 points. Hey guys, do you realize that if I had invested my $127 in myself yesterday that I'd like have...a lot more than that today. Ya know what, I'm gonna do it.
We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back together? Is that what you want? Ross back with that controlling, neurotic, crazy Emily? The Emily that wouldn't let him see you?
Yeah, well you call her and tell her that y'know when we were kids her precious little Frannie tried to undress me several times, okay? And if I hadn't have stopped her, there probably wouldn't even be a wedding to go too.
Ya know what, I think I'm gonna go to my room and read Cosmo, maybe there's something helpful in there. Know what, at least maybe I can learn how to do an at home bikini wax with leftover Cristmas candles.
So anyway, I'm cooking dinner for him Monday night. You know, kind of like an audition. And Phoebe, he really wants you to be here, which will be great for me because then you can 'ooh' and 'ahh' and make yummy noises.
Well, if you hadn't meddled to start with, I wouldn't have had to go in there and meddle myself. Now, no matter how much we meddle, we will never be able to un-meddle the thing that you meddled up - in the first place!
No, they gave us glasses with lipstick on them! I mean, if they didn't change the glasses, who knows what else they didn't change. Come on sweetie, I just want this weekend to be perfect, I mean we can change rooms, can't we?
I can't believe that this whole time we thought he hated us. I mean, isn't it amazing how much you can touch someone's life, without even knowing it?...Would you look at this dump? He hated us. This is his final revenge!
Ok people, I want you to take a piece of paper, here you go, and write down your most embarassing memory. Oh, and I do ask that when you're not using the markers, you put the caps back on them because they will dry out.
Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And then you realised if you bitched about it, then you would stop cooking, and you would have to make your famous baked potato and Diet Coke.
Don't stare. Now she just finished throwing his clothes off the balcony, now there's just a lot of gesturing and arm-waving, , Ok, that is either, "How could you?" or, "Enormous breasts!" Here he comes!
Yeah-yeah, y'know what? Yeah, that's it-that's it, everything will be mine! Nothing will be yours! That's-that's what I said! Oh come on, Chandler! I'm talking about the barca lounger! It just, it doesn't match! Where is it gonna go?!
See, I've been waiting my whole life to be engaged, and unlike some people I'm only planning on doing this once. So, uh y'know, maybe this is selfish and I'm sorry about it, but I was kinda hoping tonight could just be about that.
No! Really! Any time Ross makes a toast everyone cries, and hugs him, and pats him on the back and they all come up to me and say, "God, your brother." Know what they'll say this year? "God, you"
Besides tampons and salt? Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. That's weird...it's empty! Ross: Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out...or...? do you...do you guys hear a buzzing?
Yeah, but I love you more. Besides y'know, nothing goes with Bing. So I'm screwed. I mean... Oh, hi Emma. Yeah, that's you. You're our little Em. Oh what's that honey? What? Oh, you want a little cousin? You want a cousin right now?!
A positive atmosphere! But I-I-I have had it up to here. From now on, it is gonna be my way, or the highway! All right? Does anybody have a problem with that?!! Hey new guy! I said, does anybody have a problem with that?!
Joey, I think you should consider something a little less risky. I mean, I think in this market, real estate is your best investment.The Fed. just lowered the rates and the interest on your mortgage is totally deductible. That's right, I know some stuff!
Okay, all right, how's this? 27. Italian-American guy. He's an actor, born in Queens. Wow, big family, seven sisters, and he's the only....boy. Oh my God, under personal comments 'New York Knicks, rule!'
All right, listen you're just being silly. Rachel, even with that rumor you were one of the most popular girls in school and everyone wanted to be like you. One girl wanted to be like you so much she stuffed her pants with a Tootsie Roll!
'Cause I was going by it the other day and I saw that there was a stock with my initials, MEG, on it and, well, sometimes I have to watch for two or three hours before it comes up again but when it does, it's pretty exciting.
Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be traffic! The plane could leave early! When we get to London, there could be a line at customs! Come on!!
You know what I'd love to do? I would like to go to France and eat nothing but bread and cheese-Not even bread, just cheese. No, I want the bread. Yeah. Ah, and pastries... And pate. Oh, I'm really not high, it's just I used to be fat.
Yeah, y'know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, you wouldn't have to worry about the salmonella. But of course with salmon you'd have to worry about the chickenella... So, I can't wait to see this place you're getting married!
No! Listen, I'm not gonna go through this with you again, okay. Just once I wanna beat when you can't blame it on the broken nose, the buzzer, or the fact that you thought you were getting mono. Let's just call this, tie score and it's halftime.
Oh, isn't he? Oh, you know, I really think this time it may work with him. I mean, he just makes me feel so good and I've been feeling so lousy this last couple of months, no job, no boyfriend. Well, at least my cup is half full.
I will prove it to you! Okay? About a week ago I was wearing those jeans and I dropped a pen in my lap and it left an ink stain on the crotch. Now when she comes back I will find it and show you that stain!
Okay! Wait-wait-wait! Shhh! Okay, umm, I just wanna say that...I love you guys so-so much and-and thank you for being here on my special night. Our special night. I mean it just wouldn't be my-our-our night, if you all weren't here to celebrate with me-us-Damnit!
They've only been going out for a few weeks and Phoebe is completely hung up on Mike! She'll say "No", David's heart will be broken, it will be too hard for them to recover from and then Phoebe will end up alone again.
Oh God, stop with the plan! So what, so what you saw him with a girl? Who cares?! That doesn't mean anything! Now look, you're going to go out on a date with Danny and you're going to be so charming he's gonna forget all about that stupid subway girl.
Back then, I thought that I would never, ever get the chance to go out with a Chip Matthews, and now he's-he's called me up and asked me out. And the fat girl inside of me really wants to go. I-I owe her this. I never let her eat.
Y'know, let's face it, I'm not a kid anymore! I-I need to be with someone who-who wants the same things that I do! I mean coming to my place of work and telling me that you love me, I want that! Talking about pig sex over lunch, I don't want that!
Why not?! I mean this has been the most amazing week. Would it be so terrible? Even if we were friends who lived together. Or, maybe someday friends who stood up in front of their other friends, and vowed to be friends forever.
Okay, all right don't judge me to much. Okay? Um, but I saw this info-mercial, and um, I swear to you I have never-ever bought anything on TV before, except for this mop. But there was this stuff on leg waxing, it just, it looked so amazing....
Oh sweetie, you can never embarrass me. Okay, you can easily embarrass me. But come on, it doesn't matter. All right? I married you! So I want to dance on my wedding night with my husband. Come on. Just try not to move your feet at all. There you go.
This place is really my Grandmother's. I got it from her when she moved to Florida, otherwise I could never afford a place like this. So if the landlord ever asks, I'm 87 year old woman, who's afraid of her VCR. So are you thirsty?
It bit. It was a 50's theme restraunt. I have to cook in a costume and dance on the counter. I mean I was a chef at Cafe des Artistes. I mean how could I take a job where I have to make something called Laverne and Curly Fries?
I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.
Oh how nice. Maybe later we can all go blow our noses on my wedding dress. Ross comes out of the guest bedroom with the diaper bag and the car seat carrying thingy.. yeah.. thats the techinal term.. He goes to Chandler.
Please, could you just try it for me? Come on, I used all my best stuff! I-I-I lit some candles. I put on some music. I used bath salts, plus bubble bath! And got you this little plastic Navy ship. So it's a boy bath!
Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him again. He's here when I go to sleep, he's here when I wake up, he's here when I want to use the shower, ughh. It's like I'm sixteen all over again .
Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor. That was not a kick back. I'll just replace them and we can forget the whole thing. What corporate policy? No. Yeah. All right. I just got fired.
Oh. Well, I didn't realize that you needed it back right away. I mean, you told me to go and be a caterer. So I went. I beed. I mean, I... I used it to buy all this stuff. But look-I've got another job tomorrow, so I'll pay you back with the money I make from that.
Hey. Oh good-good you're here! All right, I figured it out. I'm gonna take two tables of eight, I'm gonna add your parents, and I'm gonna turn them into three tables of six. Okay? And I called the caterer; I added two extra meals, we are good to go!
You're gonna find a place. But even if - God forbid - you didn't.. So you postpone the wedding. Is that really so bad? I mean, think about it. You could take all the time you needed to get everything that you want. You could have tulips, you could have salmon.... Mmmmm... Salmon!!
It is not over because she is going to call you and tell you she loves you. And the reason why she couldn't, is because her feelings were so strong, it scared her. Now you go home and wait for her call, she could be calling you from the plane! Come on now go! Go!
I'm getting married!!!! I'm gonna be a bride!!!! No, I will not shut up because I'm engaged! Ohh, big talk! Huh, why don't you come over here and say that to me?! Huh, buddy?! Yeah, my fiancee will kick your ass! Come on, apartment 20! Apartment 20!
If it bothers you that much, just go out and get the shoes. No. Don't do this. This is stupid! I don't have to prove anything, I'm gonna go get them...But then everyone will know. Unless I get them, and then wake up really early and put them back! ...I need help!
Yeah! And if, and if we have a baby one-day, and the doctor hands it to you in the delivery room and you don't cry, so what! And-and-and, and if we take him to college and come home and see his empty room for the first time, and you got nothing, it won't matter to me.
You used to tell girls you were a Kennedy. Ooh, uh, thanks. Wow, little tight, isn't it? How d'you get a bigger table? You-you had a big table, but they made you move. Huh-huh, shut up Monica. Whoo, I suppose that Chandler will have the smoked duck.
It's just, I think, there's never gonna be a right time to have a baby. I mean, now you're unemployed and in a little while you'll find a new job that'll keep you really busy. There's always gonna be a reason not to do this, but I think once the baby comes, forget about all those reasons.
With good news? Of course it is not good news, you just said "Doctor Connelly just called". If it was good news you would have said "Doctor Connelly just called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem with me or with you?
Oh, gosh, this is so weird. I mean, his whole life was in this apartment, and now it's gone. You know, I think it would be nice if we just took a few moments, for Mr. Heckles. I mean, he was kind of a pain, he was, but, he was a person. You're all going to hell.
Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut mockolate holiday nut bars. I've indicated four cups of coconut, and four cups of crushed nut, and only, uh, one tablespoon of mockolate.
Excuse me, excuse me, hi, I'm Monica Geller..I'm the head chef here.. .. Ok, I was actually expecting a little applause there, but whatever! Ok, quick question: by a show of hands, how many of you were bothered by this woman's singing outside?
Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to inflate. So anyway, um, his head is like flopping down Broadway, right, and I'm just thinking... how inappropriate this is. Um, I've got something in my eye, uh, Joey, could we check it in the light, please?
Okay, I've broken them down into categories. Okay, we have uh, we got holidays, birthdays, candids, y'know... And then what I've done is I've cross-referenced them by subject. Right? So if you're looking up, oh let's say birthdays and dogs, you get Photo 152. See?
All right, look, Ross. I realize that you have issues with Carol and Susan, and I feel for you, I do. But if you don't help me cook, I'm gonna take a bunch of those little hot dogs, and I'm gonna create a new appetizer called "pigs in Ross". All right, ball the melon.
And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you're writing out my eulogy and you open a desk drawer and you find a note from me that says, "I will always be with you," and you still can't shed one tiny tear, I know you'll be crying a river inside.
No, a guy would be saying, "I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else." Oh my God! I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else! I've been so busy planning the wedding that I forgot about all the things that I'd be giving up! I mean, I...I'm never gonna have a first kiss again.
All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we would start out with Tuscan style finger food, and for music, here's an alphabetized list of all my CDs! I've highlighted the ones that would go really good with the food.
I mean this has been like my dream since I got my first Easy Bake Oven and opened Easy Monica's Bakery. I mean I would kill for this job. I mean I can totally do this job, and God knows I paid my dues. But Pete's just doing this because he has a crush on me.
Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me?
She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for plays that I wanna see. She, she buys clothes from stores that I'm intimidated by the sales people. She spent three hundred dollars on art supplies.
Boy, I love carrots! Oh! Sometimes I like to put them between my fingers like this and-and hold them down here while I talk to you. Umm, and-and-and y'know if I get really hot umm, I-I like to pick up this knife and-and umm, I-I put the cold steal against umm, my body.
Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my message. I mean that's allowed. Yeah-huh! I mean look, yeah, you know what I would really appreciate it if you didn't tell your Dad about. What do you mean, you're not comfortable with this? Come on we're friends!! That bitch always hated me. I'm calling her back.
Now, Mom, everything's going fine, really. Yeah, Ross is great. He's uh, he's in a whole other place. No, he's gone. No no, you don't have to fly back, really. What do you mean this might be your only chance? Would you stop? I'm only 26, I'm not even thinking about babies yet.
Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Blah, blah, blah! Y'know I still don't feel like I got him back, y'know? I just want to humiliate him. I wanna, I want him to be like naked and then I'm going to point at him and laugh!
It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of giving the finger, without actually having to give it. I remember I cried the night you made it up, `cause it was the first time that I realized that I was actually cooler than my older brother.
Y'know what really bothers me? Is-it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the throwing the tennis games, the fake laugh, the "I'll see you around, Bing!" "Not if I see you first, Doug!" I gotta tell you, I don't like Work Chandler. Okay? The guy's a suck-up.
Fair? Please don't even talk to me about fair! Fair would've been you wanting to marry me back then! Or fair would've been Chandler wanting to marry me now! Believe me, nothing about this is fair! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing!
No-no, it's not okay! It's not! I mean you were just... You're so incredible! You went through all this time and effort to make this tape for me! Y'know I'm just gonna-I, I am gonna make this up to you! I will! I-I am going to cook anything you want in here , and I am going to do anything you want in there!
You are both idiots. The joke is not funny, and it's offensive to women, and doctors, and monkeys! You shouldn't be arguing over who gets credit, you should be arguing over who gets blamed for inflicting this horrible joke upon the world! Now let it go! The joke sucks!
I mean, all I'm asking for is just a little emotion! Is that too much to ask after six years?! I mean what? Are-are-are Rachel and I not as close as you guys?! I mean do we not have as much fun?! Don't I deserve a few tears?!! I mean we-we told Joey, he cried his eyes out!
All right, listen up. There is usually only one dress in each size so when they open those doors, fan out. Now, this is what you're looking for! Memorize it! When you locate the dress, blow on these. All right? Three short blasts, when you hear it. Come running.
Ohh, wow! That's great! Oh wow! We really have to start planning! I have, I have a lot of really specific ideas! We should probably get together like four times per week. You can come over to my place; we'll get together before work! What do you say, 6:30, my place? I'm so excited!
All right, all right! Let's just cut to the chase, okay? You're single. You're single. He gets off work at eleven. She'll be waiting for your call. I'll give him your number if I can get one calamari and one Caesar salad!! I did not yell. I am not putting a dollar in the jar.
Oh-ho-ho, sweetie, sweetie, you gotta stop saying that, now. It's no big deal, it's not even worth mentioning, you see we all do it all the time. See watch this, Ben, Ben, Ben. Ow, Monica bang! Everybody bang. Ben bang. Rachel bang. Bang, Rachel bang! Oh, isn't that fun?
Okay! I will! Mrs. Green? Mrs. Green! It is rude to leave a party without saying good-bye to the host! Yeah, and-and also when someone apologizes to you the decent thing to do is to accept it! Now what I did to you, it wasn't on purpose! But what you're during to me now is just plain spiteful!
I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lose control and I think I like it! Sorry, just couldn't resist it.} All right, listen let me tell you, do not get her flowers. Okay? Because y'know, she cries when they die, and there's the whole funeral...
Okay, while we're waiting for these pills to kick in, I'm gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. Get some nice soft pillows under your head, I'm gonna turn the TV on and you can watch whatever you want. And I'm-Sit down--gonna make you some tea. And then, I'm gonna rub your feet.
See? That's what I mean. I mean that, that's great! But I wouldn't trade in what I have for that. I mean I'm gonna be with Chandler for the rest of my life, and that's what makes me happy. Hey sweetie, come here! Come sit down. Hey Phoebe and I were just talking about how our relationship is deep and meaningful. It really is don't you think?
Well, if you really think about it, I mean four days is not that long. I mean, I see you Monday before you go to work, and I see you Thursday when you get back, and I always work late on Tuesdays, so really if you think about it, it's really just one day. And well, if we can't make it one day, we've got real problems my friend.
Okay, I was thinking we should have a beautiful guest room, right? With a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with flowers on them all the time! And we could have a roll top desk with comment cards on them so people could say how much they loved staying here!! Okay, whatever, I really haven't thought about it that much.
Chandler, if you thought I was going to get you porn for Valentine's Day... you were right! Apparently, it's about a young girl who moves to the big city, you know, in search of stardom, but ends up having sex with a lot of guys! Yeah, it got four starts! Oh, wait a minute. Those aren't stars. Anyway, you want to take a look?
Hey listen umm, how would you like to get together? Say next Saturday? Okay, how about Sunday? Okay umm, the week after that? The week after that? Y'know what Greg? Y'know what? We are good, interesting, funny people with good questions and if you and your precious Jenny can't see that then... January 15th? We'll see you then! Okay!
Ok, here we go. We need to sort out the tickets as quickly as possible to see if we've won. So does anybody have any ideas how to organize this? Ok, how about this: we divide them into 6 groups of 40, and the remaining 10 can be read by whoever finishes their pile first.
Ohhh, I knew you loved her! Then you need to go to the airport and tell her. You're probably just gonna catch her just as she's about to go to the gate. You're gonna call out her name and say, "I love you!" And she's gonna say, "I love you, too!" And you guys are going to have the most amazing kiss, everyone at the gate will applaud.
I know. Let's try a look...of far off...wonderment. Okay, we'll-we'll gaze into our future and we'll think about our marriage and the days to come. Chandler! What is the matter with your face?! I mean this picture is supposed to say "Geller and Bing to be married," not "Local woman saves drowning moron!" Hey! Don't laugh at him! He's my drowning moron!
This switch thing has been driving me crazy. So I turned it off and checked every outlet. Now, four of them don't work. Which means, one of them has to be controlled by the switch. So, I plugged in things in all four of the outlets that-that make noise, so that way, when I turn it on I just follow the noise and find out which one it is.
Hi, Nancy. Hi, it's Monica Geller. I'm good. Listen, I'm looking for a job in Tulsa. Well yeah, my husband has been relocated...Because I love him! No, I don't want a job in New York. Javo is looking? Oh my God! He asked for me personally? Oh my God! Oh, wow, this is really flattering, but I'm moving to Tulsa. Yeah, so if you would tell Javo 'I'll take it!'
No, look, she's obviously unstable, okay? I mean she's thinking about running out on her wedding day. Okay, fine! But I mean, look at the position she's putting him in! What's he gonna do? Ross is gonna run over there on the wedding day and break up the marriage?! I mean, who would do that?! Okay, fine, all right, but that's y'know, it's different! Although it did involve a lot of the same people.
No. He Teaches A Course On Food Criticism At The New School, So Before We Go To The Movies I Wanna Go By There And Make Him Try My Bouillabaisse Again. Oh, I Cannot Wait To Read The Front Page Of The Post Tomorrow! "Restaurant Reviewer Admits I was wrong about Monica."
Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting my period or something, I don't know. Um, anyway, I, I, I beeped into your machine and I heard a message that, that freaked me out, and um, you know what Michelle will tell you the rest. I, I, um, I'm sorry, okay, I, I hope that we can forget the whole thing. Okay, bye.
How hard is it? No shoes on the furniture. Back to Monica and Chandler's apartment. Amy is sitting on a chair by the bay window looking mad. Joey groans and gets off the phone: The producer from Days left a message on my machine asking why I wasn't at the parade. They said everybody's pissed off at me.. And they all got to meet Santa!
It is so weird, I know what I said, but uh, this morning, I was lying in bed I was, I was imagining what it would be like to say yes. I know it's a little sudden, and it's a little rushed, and it's totally not like me to do something like this, but that doesn't mean I can't. Right? I mean I'm-I'm crazy about Pete, and I know that we want the same things, and when I thought about saying yes, it made me really happy.
I really like to say that I'm-um... Y'know what I'd really like to say? I'm drunk!! That's right mom and dad your little Harmonica is hammered!! And guess what! I've been drunk before! And I've smoked a cigarette! And I got a box of Ding-Dongs hidden in my underwear drawer! It's all okay. It's okay because I turned thirty today. And, and I can do anything I want! Because I am a grown up.
It's gonna be really scary. I mean, god. When we have a baby, there's gonna be so much that we're not able to control. I mean, the apartment's gonna be a mess, I won't have time to clean it. What if the baby gets into the ribbon drawer? Messes up all the ribbons?! What if there's no room for a ribbon drawer, because the baby's stuff takes up all the space!? Where will all the ribbons go!?!
Hello? Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani? Hi, this is Monica Geller. Yeah I'm just calling to say that Chandler and I uh, really hope you can make it to the wedding. Yeah, apparently a bunch of invitations that we sent weren't delivered. Umm, I guess there was some screw up at the damn post office! T-Tell me about it! Yeah, yeah, the US Post Office? No, more like US lost office! What are they Irish?!
Chandler, for so long I...I wondered if I would ever find my prince, my soul mate. Then three years ago, at another wedding I turned to a friend for comfort. And in stead, I found everything that I'd ever been looking for my whole life. And now...here we are...with our future before us...and I only want to spend it with you, my prince, my soul mate, my friend. Unless you don't want to. You go!
Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That's what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake , with the little people on top. Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.
Absolutely! Now get out of here you!! Okay, I'm running out of places I can touch him! Look, is there something wrong with me? I mean why am I only attracted to guys where there's no future? Either they're too old, or they're too young, and then there's Pete who's-who's crazy about me, and who's absolutely perfect for me, and there's like zip going on! I mean, seriously, does it sound like something's wrong with me?!
Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of potatoes, so I'm making different kinds of potatoes. Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooooo, no, no! Just as long as Phoebe gets her peas and onions, and Mario gets his tots, and it's my first Thanksgiving, and it's all burned, and, and I... I...
Y'know, so I don't read as many important books as you do, and I don't write trick poems that seem to be about one thing but are actually about something else. And y'know what, I get excited about stupid stuff, like when I my People magazine comes on Saturday, and the new Hold Everything catalog. Y'know but that does not mean that I'm empty, I care about things. I care about my friends and family. You have no right to make that kind of judgment about me.
Phoebe, that's how it starts. I don't need to eat the cake, I'll just smell the icing... why don't I just eat a little sliver, or, okay, just a slice or two. And next thing you know, you're 210 pounds and you get wedged in going down the tunnel slide. Phoebe, honey, I know this is hard. Look, if you talk to him, you're going to wanna see him. And if you see him, you're going to want to get back together with him. I know that's not what you want. Give me your phone.
No, no it's going to be great. Really! Mom, Dad, when I got married, one of the things that made me sure I could do it was the amazing example the two of you set for me. For that and so many other things I want to say thank you. I know I probably don't say it enough, but I love you. When I look around this room, I'm-I'm saddened by the thought of those who could not be here with us. Nana, my beloved grandmother who would so want to be here, but she can't because she's dead. As is our dog Chi-Chi. I mean look how cute she is. . Was. Do me a favor and pass this to my parents. Remember she's dead. Okay, her and Nana, gone. Wow! Hey does anybody remember when Debra Winger had to say goodbye to her children in Terms of Endearment? Didn't see that? No movie fans?! You want to hear something sad? The other day I was watching 60 Minutes these orphans in Romania, who have been so neglected, they were incapable of love. You people are made of stone! Here's to mom and dad! Whatever!
