Well, it's just y'know that something like this would never to like The Hulk, y'know...
What the hell is this, herbal tea? I hate herbal tea!
Oh! Oh my god. This is so exciting. How much am I gonna get?
No it's not great. No, she's coming to tell Ross that she loves him.
Ooh, ok, that's it. Enough with the keys. No one say keys.
Oh no! No-no! I understand the pain! Don't-don't hurt the puppy.
Why?! You two are so meant to be together, everybody thinks so.
Um, yeah, you want Ursula, and I'm Phoebe. Twin sisters! Seriously.
Oh, well get in line missy. So, can I have a ride stud?
Well, I've got to get out of this bed, I'm going crazy here. Crazy!
Why? It's fun, it's different, no-one else has a name like it.
Yeah, no, I'm fairly intuitive and psychic. It's a substantial gift.
Oh ok, Ryan, that guy I went out with, who's in the Navy.
Ok. We can, um, we can burn the stuff they gave us.
You guys are so pathetic, I, oh, OH, XANADU! OH.
Hello, Hello. Ohh, OHH, she knew I could kick her ass.
No, I mean you break up with Janice and I'll break up with Tony.
Hey you guys, Hums While He Pees just asked me out!
Yes there are! There are totally good deeds that are selfless.
Well, what I really want is for my mom to be alive and enjoy it with me.
What the smell from Joey's? No, I can hardly smell it over here.
You just did it again. Chandler, your feelings for Chandler are certainly gone!
I just-I don't want us to jump into something we're not ready for.
I think so too. And that little flap? Great for holding my lipstick.
Sounds like somebody wants to be Mr. Pizza Delivery Girl.
You mean you stole it! Don't cover your mouth when you do that!
Yeah, we should get a move on if we wanna make those dinner reservations.
Well, I think I broke it. But that's all right, here's the number you can call.
Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two like that?
Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the nutrients.
Why would you start again after chewing all that quitting gum?
Oh before I forget, are you coming to Mike's piano bar tonight?
Yeah, but, y'know, it's... it would be like starting on the fifteenth date.
Oh well, I guess Italian isn't one of the four languages you speak.
What?! No, you can't, you can't leave me here with them! We're baby-sitting!
No. Oh wait yes! I do, I do have one question. What is toner?
David! What-what are you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be in Russia?
So, Scott asked me to come over for lunch today and I did.
Joey, can I have a sip of your coffee and a bite of your muffin?
Okay, we have like ten minutes. Do you want me to get into that now?!
That's all right, I'll work here. This is goo, next to this plant.
Fine. All right, I'll give you one pointer. Look out for that bitch.
No, I know what a silent is I meant, what's going on with your hair?
Well, how about a compromise then, okay? What if it's like y'know, Chanoey?
Of course! Yeah, I was uh, umm Thigh Mega Tampon.
Gooood luck! Gooood luck! We all wish you good luuuuuuuuck!!!
Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.
Yeah, but did they have to shoot him down? I mean, that was just mean.
Yeah, I know. Oh, good thing it's one of those 801 numbers. Right?
So, now, Rach, this is a traditional English trifle, isn't it?
Oh my God!! No! What?! Help me! Let me out! Now!
Oh yeah-No, she was really nice to me, but she's in hell for sure.
Hey Mon umm, if you do get married, can I bring two guests?
Why don't you go up there and ask him to 'step lightly, please?'
Oh, I don't make them a lot because I don't think it's fair to the other cookies
Ohh, you guys, remember that cute client I told you about? I bit him.
I gotta call him. Just to talk to him, there's no harm in that.
Okay, okay, but Rachel's gonna be here too, can't I just ask her this stuff?
Yes!! Yes!! I'm the next caller! You were gonna have me hang up.
I got married! Could someone get me a coat, I'm freaking freezing.
Oh, I'm sorry. But I really like this guy. And I think he really happens to like me.
Okay. All right, this is my favourite part of the weekend, right now, this.
Well, if that's what they do in Minsk... In New York... it's...
It's too soon to tell. She's resting, which is a good sign.
They live on the upper east side on Park Avenue!
No, only the three of you, any more than that and she'll get suspicious.
Yeah. I really hate to give her up. Oh, I know!! Oh, you should take her!
It's just my knitting that's all! Yes! I knit this. I'm very good.
Well, what am I going to tell Monica? She wants to wear them tonight!
OK fine! Please come and support Mike. You don't have to sing.
I think he's right. You guys hang out at the coffeehouse way too much.
Because my psychic is dead! She must've read the cards wrong!
Are you sure? I'll bet there's another flight to Minsk in like...
I got it from your maid. She's a bitch, but I wore her down.
Oh wait, oh I forgot... and uhm... I love you... and you have nice eyes.
'Cause, you know, if you don't look good, we don't look good. I love that voice.
Yeah, and these are my friends. People. This is Vince, Vince the people.
Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma.
Ok, Love Story, Brian's Song, and Terms of Endearment.
Like crop circles, or the Bermuda triangle, or evolution?
No, no, Mr. Heckles no one is making any noise up here.
I brought a bunch of stuff for the house, so check it out. Ha-ha.
Uh, hello, this is Ross Geller's personal physician, Dr. Philange.
Y'know I'm-I'm sensing that um, my grandmother would not be comfortable with that.
Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own
Oh, I was telling them about you and Emily. Y'know, try to get some sympathy.
Ohh! Oh my. Oh, that reminds me, I have to see my OB-GYN today.
Oh, he's at the doctor, he didn't poop the whole time we were there!
That is so weird! I had a dream that you'd have lunch with Richard.
well it was awful every time I thought about what you said I started crying.
Oh, no umm, hi, that-that, you have to put that out, 'cause I'm pregnant.
Oh hey, Monica, I heard you saw Donald Trump at your convention.
Yeah, but only a genius would swallow a sonic blaster gun.
Wow, you guys go way back then. So what are you up to these days?
Wow, I have the spirit of an old Indian women living in mine.
No! No!! It's me! It's me! I-I didn't want to make any noise!
No, we're gonna paint over the sword, and replace it with a baguette.
Me too! Oh! Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman?
Wait, if that's his favourite area, why is he being so mean to it?
Oh, oh sweet Lord! This is what evil must taste like!
No reason, it's just I know a single guy that cares about other people.
Hey, don't call him that! His name is Spackel Back Harry!
Why are you guys so upset? It's Old Yeller, it's a happy movie.
Okay! Hey! What do I do?!! What are you doing? Did you find the dress?
That's short for Phoebe?! I thought that was just what we called each other!
Okay. Okay! Well okay, who do we know that's coming? Me. Are you?
Monica, she will kill you. She will kill you like a dog in the street.
Um well I don't really. Just genetically. He's kinda my dad too.
OK Rach, which, which lily? This lily or that lily?
Oooh, is daddy getting angry? Is daddy gonna spank me?
Ok, right there. That, that's the third sign today. Right there.
Oh no, no. I can't choose between you two! I love you both so much!
Eww, look. Ugly Naked Guy lit a bunch of candles.
Um, I'm getting a lily for my Mom. 'Cause her name's Lily.
Umm, this stuffing is amazing. Do you think we should bring them some?
Oh, they're just gonna umm, look to see if my endometria layer is thick.
I can see that. A plate of brownies once told me a limerick.
Oh my God! So was she! Oh, I've got-I've got goose bumps.
Hey everybody, Rachel was so good today. She didn't gossip at all.
And I'm still waiting for my paper mache man. Thank you my babies.
Hey! Umm, well, only okay because I just got back from, from the hospital.
Come on! You can drink a gallon of milk in 10 seconds?
I don't know. But, God, Joey seems to be handling it suprisingly well.
Alright, here's my $7.50. But I think you should know that this money is cursed.
Okay. Oh but don't tell them Monica's pregnant because, they frown on that.
No!! wait, wait, wait!! Oh please, hold it up so I can listen.
Now, wait a minute. So, they're gonna name their first child Joey?
That's like the third time that lady's won on a machine I was playing.
That's sweat. You throw up all morning, you'll have that glow too.
Well, maybe he wouldn't be she didn't bring the office home every night!
I can't! My circuits are fried! They're fried I tell you!!
All right, we'll se you and Mike at the restaurant in a couple hours.
Oh no, Rach, no no, you know you're never supposed to wake a sleeping baby.
Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own.
Okay, ask her 'What is her current method of birth control?'
Which-which sister is this? Is this the spoiled one or that's bitter?
I'm starving. I know we were coming here tonight, I ate nothing all day.
There it is! Oh, look at that! Isn't Mother Nature amazing?
OOOOOHHHHH! Fine, I can't take it anymore! I'm putting an end to this!
Yeah, I know, Frank. I counted them when they were coming out of my area.
Uh, uh, gimme. Can you see me operating a drill press?
Oh that's all right. I'm still full from your homemade potato chips.
Give her a break, it's hard being on your own for the first time.
So-so you two were married huh? What happened? You just drift apart?
Yeah! So--ooh, I gotta ask you though. How did you know where to find me?
Listen. Listen. Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you?
Oh right, yeah okay, my Mom could, and I can't. We don't have that....
You know, the strippers, and the guys dancing, and you know, pee-pee's flying about.
I don't know, he just started kissing me. Get him! Get him, Vince!
No way! No way! You just broke with Tag a week ago.
Okay, what is this? A stupid contest? Because we got a winner here!
Uh, wow! Isn't it ironic that he liked you and now you like him?
Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard! end.
What about Ross? What about your moment? Don't you want to talk to Ross about it?
I know. They should be a family. They should get married and have more children.
Unless! She wants to spend the night holding my hair back for me.
Or...or we can chant and dance around naked, you know, with sticks.
Oh, god, the last time I babysat them, they did the funniest thing..
Well, I can't give you a massage, because my licence has been revoked again!
Okay, so we got some more good rejections, lots of stuff to work on.
You mean the-Okay by siadic, you mean the towel covered portion.
I mean, I know Joey is not my boyfriend, or my thermos, or anything, but...
Yeah, I wanted to call and tell you that there's no hard feelings for firing me.
Thousands of times!! That doesn't make me sound too good does it?
Well, maybe it's so big because the house was built on radioactive waste.
It's hard to believe that just a little while ago this was nothing but ingredients.
Yeah. But y'know we were thinking about you, y'know we ordered the Joey Special.
Fine! But please God; tell me how to stop them from going off!
So weird, you think he's so gross and you're willing to eat his crackers.
OK, I smell smoke. Maybe that's 'cause someone's pants are on fire.
It was really fun, I mean I've never talked on a car phone before.
Ooh, that is silly. I'll go up there, I'll tell him to keep it down.
OK, that makes no sense. Why would the villagers worship a pharmacist?
All right. Although I don't think we need one, I never stopped loving you.
I just thought we might be here for awhile. You know, things might get musical.
Mike, let me ask you something. How many sisters does Joey have?
You didn't bring one! My cab's downstairs, I'll drive you to the airport.
Yeah, much better. And you know what, don't feel bad, because it's a hard song.
Is it okay if I leave this stuff here 'til Rachel's birthday party?
Okay, okay, okay, the black. But, oh, do you have black, with the little strappys?
Hey, oh, you know that guy who's been following me? I talked to him today.
And no, oh please, oh please let me finish. Oh I guess that was it.
All right. If you care enough to make up that load of crap, okay.
Oh that's good, I guess she'll have a choice between my guy and your weirdo.
I've already stuffed a bunch of Brussel sprouts down his pants.
But really, it does seem like this money could be put to better use?
Um, then yes, it's 'cause of Phoebe! So, you know, it's either her or me.
That's easy for you to say, I don't see three kids coming out your vagina!
It's not a stupid gumball machine looking ring! It's a beautiful ring!
Oh, okay, yeah. I put your stuff in her room, and her stuff in your room.
Why, I must have been in missile training the day they taught that.
Hey, have you seen Frank Jr., 'cause he's meeting me here with the triplets.
It's so weird seeing Ross and Rachel with a baby. It's just so grown up.
Ok, great! All right, bye! Pain in the ass!! That's off, right?
Well, since the fire was kinda my fault I guess you should get to stay here.
Uh-huh. Oh, yeah, I could write about the time my hair did that "Woo-hoo" thing.
Oh yeah, no-no-no. I'm fine. I'm okay, but umm, my Grandma sorta died.
No-no wait-wait! I can't just let you hang up! Just please talk to me.
Does a dog's lips move when he reads? Okay, no they don't.
Would you relax? I know what I am doing. This is how he wears it.
Chandler, your being here is the best Christmas present I could have ever imagined.
Have fun. Oh wait, no, don't! I forgot I am totally against that now.
Oh yes. Yes. Yeah-no. She did. She left you umm, this lipstick.
I really thought you making a good point. I mean y'know, until you got cut off.
Why Scott doesn't want to sleep with me. It's 'cause I'm not sexy enough.
Yeah! Sure! Ooh, I left my purse up at Monica's. I'll be right back.
Then why are you answering? Do you at least know what route we're on?
Hey, do you realise that at one time or another we all lived in this apartment?
You guys, we've been waiting for you for a long time, maybe you should order.
It was the end of the party, you were probably ironing wrapping paper.
You're so much more than just brains! You're sweet, and kind, and funny...
Okay, fine. Come dinosaur, we're not welcome in the house of no imagination.
Okay, all right, so, your in a meadow, millions of stars in the sky....
I think she means 'You dance a dance class'. Oh, c'mon, c'mon.
You've have lipstick right here . That's okay, it's mine, we just kissed.
I'm gonna find a selfless good dead. I'm gonna beat you, you evil genius.
I know! You see it is stuff like this which is why you're burning in hell!!
Hey, it's your Thanksgiving too, y'know, instead of watching football, you could help.
Oh I do! Oh, y'know what? No. Wait a second. I know it's in here somewhere.
Well, lots of people! Look, are you coming to memorial service or not?
Ooh, Atlantic City! Oh, that's a great plan! Who's plan was that?
Because, I'm just, I'm incredibly anal and an unbelievable control freak.
You ask us to find you a guy and you come traipsing in here with your own!
Yeah- no- I'm just- it's, I haven't worked- It's my bank.
I was preparing you for my-didn't you think I was dead? Did that not come off?
What, he's not still following her. Do you think he is still following her?
Yeah, but remember you said you ordered something special, and it just hasn't come yet?
Yeah, but did you see the dents in his knuckles? That means he's artistic.
Where'd you get too? We lost you after you opened up all the presents.
Ah, it's been so long, so long. I can't believe you're still doing this!
OK. OK, alrighty, let's play some tunes. Hi everybody, I'm Phoebe
Just for some short-term-work. You know, until I get back some of my massage clients.
Well speaking of chiming in, remember the time you burned down my apartment?
Ohh! Oh, the Chelsea Reporter, ohh, this used to keep me so warm.
Okay, now's not the time Joey. All right? You can yell at me tomorrow.
Um, I'm gonna have a cup of the cucumber soup, and, um, take care.
No, I can't talk to you! I don't have a fancy ad in the Yellow Pages!
Listen. You are not going to believe this but, that is not me singing on the video.
Yeah. We don't speak. She's like this high-powered, driven career type.
Oh, there's a cab! Taxi!! Good timing, my God, huh? Here you go.
Hi, yeah, hi! I'm umm, Phoebe Buffay, and I have babies coming out of me.
Yeah. Its just, you know, its this whole stupid Ursula thing, its...
Also uhm... I just want you to know what a wonderful man your son is.
No, which one? The right or left? 'Cause the left one is lucky...
As a masseuse and a human, I'm begging you, never do that to anyone!
Umm, Rachel and I were just discussing it and she had some very interesting insights.
Hey, why don't you guys go, get portraits done by a professional photographer.
Oh, check it out, oh check it out. It's Smelly Cat the video.
Toll-booth! Four bucks. There are quarters in the glove compartment.
If you wanted to punish them, you should've just made them hang out here!
Oh yeah it is! I'm going to the movies and it starts in like five minutes.
Oh hey Ross oh I'm so glad someone's here could you zip me up?
I had nothing to do with it. Okay, it was my idea, but I don't feel good about it.
Rachel, listen-I mean, if you let me have him then I will really owe you one.
So Theodore... I uhm... I can see where Mike gets his good looks from...
And maybe I could teach Ben about the Christmas skull and how people die.
C'mon Mike, you can beat her! Knock that dog off her head!
Well, you're not more excited than I am! No way! I'm the most excited!
Um-hmm, yeah. They left me a message; they should be here any minute.
Okay, she would love that! Y'know, 'cause you know all the clean places to eat.
Well, you're not, You're not... you're not... again, you're not SPEAKING FRENCH!
Wow! Big day huh? People moving in, people getting annulled...
What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Oh, okay I didn't get that message. So this doesn't count-Anyway, I'll be in my office.
Oh!! That's my new thing. I figure bodies at peace, make peace.
Well, it's a problem for me, which means it's a problem for you 'cause I'm a cop.
Don't feel too sorry for me. At least my boyfriend isn't gay.
Ohh, you are so lucky! Hey! So, where's Monica? Did you guys make up?
Yeah, I would've except I had a big spaghetti stain on the other side.
No! But it's the nicest kitchen, the refrigerator told me to have a great day.
Ooh, God, it's him! It's that cop! God, I can't believe it! He found me!
Rach, Rach, I just remembered. I had a dream about Mr. Geller last night.
I'm hearing what you're saying, but at our prices everyone needs toner.
Oh, look, look, he's closing his eyes. Look, he's opening his eyes.
Oh, no no, that side doesn't have one, the paramedics had to cut through it.
Because you'll date her once, sleep with her and then forget she exists!
Oh, I know! "Oh...I slept with Billy Joel". All right, who hasn't?
Another amazing find! Wow! Oh I bet this has a great story too!
Good! Oh yay! Let's get down to business! Emma needs some makeup!
I don't know, it would totally depend on her coloring and... You got the job!!
You're welcome. And thank you for "Science Boy". I learned a lot from him.
I don't want to go into the whole thing, but umm, we have words and I kill him.
Yeah. Ooh God, there's that face again! See I can't do this job! I...
Oh no... Have you thought about it how complicated this could get? What about Ross?
Oh okay, well I'm sorry to bother you. Bye-bye. Yeah you're right, this is easy.
No, I'm just deciding which one to use-I'm gonna start writing another book!
You guys, you know what I just realized? 'Joker' is 'poker' with a 'J.' Coincidence?
Oooh look! Isn't this adorable, Ross let Ben address mine!
Alright. I looked all over the building and I couldn't find the kitty anywhere.
No! No! It's just that he gave me three tickets and there are six of us!
Oh, well, then you'll have extra seats, you know, for all your tiaras and stuff.
All right. We're gonna take Clunkers to Ross's. We'll be back in a minute.
In the cab, on the way over, Steve blazed up a doobie.
But there's a whole table of mini-muffin baskets. Which one did you send?
Um, well, Max told me about Minsk, so congratulations! This is so exciting!
Okay. And, my, dead, mother, says, you, are, it. I'm with Rachel.
Hi, I'm Ben. I'm hospital worker Ben. It's Ben... to the rescue!
Hey, Ross! I know you're still mad at me, but can I just talk to you for a second?
No, she just died today! Okay, umm, we're having a memorial service tomorrow.
Okay! Ooh-ahh, I'm gonna go pack. I'm gonna go pack my ass off!
Listen, Robert's gonna be here any second so, will one of you just tell him?
Well, of course it smells really bad. You have your head up a dead animal.
You know what? You are right. I am gonna quit. It's time I took my life back!
Why? Because she can sing and play guitar and do both at the same time?
It's ok, it's ok. I made my decision. What I really want is a great big wedding.
I know! Monica's gonna have a baby! Hey, can this count as her something new?
After applying the Waxine and linen strips to leg number one,
So how are things going with you two? Is she becoming your special someone?
No-no, it'll be fun! We can come back and we can haunt these guys!
Yeah! Here! Oh no, these are the trick deck. Okay. Here yes. Okay.
You don't have to lie anymore, Ross, I know that it was a fourteen year-old girl.
Nuh-uh. I don't think any of our lives are ever gonna be the same ever again.
Oh, I'm just so exhausted from dragging around this... HUGE engagement ring!
Yeah but if we throw her a party on her birthday, then it's not a surprise.
Listen, I need to ask you something. Ok, you know how my step dad's in prison.
But, I need your germs! I want my cold back! I miss my sexy voice.
Yeah we thought it would be nice to use the fancy china for dessert too.
Or we could use it to call China. See how those guys are doing.
Oh you're my biggest fan? I've always wanted to meet you! Hi! Sure! Yeah!
Oh sure okay, you can touch yourself in front of us but you can't talk to Rachel.
Oh, yeah, oh, I'm sure of it. You should just do it, just sweep and throw me.
Yeah! Ooh, you should come with me! Oh yeah, then I'd have someone to sit with!
Say something! Say anything! Ask her out! She's not your cousin!
Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can I talk to you outside for a minute?
Oh, yeah! Back then y'know, we called the Great War. It really was!
Oh yeah, I'm sure. And all of a sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore.
Why, do I have a feeling that's not as happy as it sounds? No! Nooooo!!!
Yes! They called and you didn't get it! Okay, I mean you didn't get it, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Well, she told me that I'm gonna die this week, so I'm kinda bummed about that.
So have you decided on a band for the wedding? Because, y'know, I'm kinda musical.
All right. Hold on. I got it. Nickel! How much more do we need?
Well, not so good. Upstate's pretty big, he's pretty small, you do the math.
Um, no, huh-uh. One of my clients died on the massage table today.
I love you too. Please don't... Don't turn into... you know... French bitch!
Mhuh, guys, that means the world to me. Huh, nkay, I'm gonna take off.
What? What? You guys, what is going on? You not like Robert? Why are you laughing?!
So how's your date with your cyberchick going. Ooh, hey, what is all that .
Oh, it's a key. To be honest, I think I'd prefer the five dollars.
Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler! Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey! Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!!
Can you believe this. In, like, two hours I'm gonna have a dad. Eeeshk.
Yeah, okay. Hey, wait. Do you know what kind of birth control she was using?
Ok, so, ok, was he holding you? Or was his hand like on your back?
I'm sorry, but I just wrote the best dance song for your wedding. Check this out.
Oh hey, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy is putting stuff in boxes!
I'm sorry, Ross, this is my old friend Lowell from the streets. Lowell, Ross.
Oh yeah? Well, tell me which one, and I'll try slip it in my coat.
Yeah, by the way, good luck in your next life as a dung beetle.
You know, maybe she was just really spent from our talk. It was pretty intense.
It's not like we-we know each other or anything. Or that have anything in common.
Y'know you guys were a lot more supportive when I wanted to make denim furniture.
Okay, I can fix this! Okay Monica, Rachel thinks all you can talk about is the wedding.
Oh, I cursed it. So now bad things will happen to he who spends it.
I think she took it pretty well. You know Paolo's over there right now, so...
Ah-ha! Okay, Las Vegas 1, London 0! I'll be right back.
Yeah. And believe me, this suit does not do justice to what's underneath it.
"No time for losers, 'cause we are the champions of the world...!" Thank you!
You know if you want, we can sneak the dog back in and Chandler wouldn't even know.
What are the chances? 1 billion Chinese people and they send Mike!?
So wow, it looks like you took care of everything. Thanks a lot, co-host.
Yes. Definitely! Yes! Let's live in an apartment that we both live in!
I'm Rachel. It's so annoying when I put Emma on the phone to talk with my friends.
Of course, yeah. You know, a kiss on the cheek wouldn't be totally inappropriate...
I KNOW THAT!!! You have to stop her!! She's going to ruin the wedding!!
Hey, guys, you know what Larry would say? He would say, "See you ladle."
It's very weird! I don't want some guy down there telling me, I'm y'know, dilatedamundo!
Well, I don't know if that's such a good idea. They clearly don't want to be with us.
Wow, Mike Hannigan...You sure know how to make a girl say "Hell yeah!"
All right, well I just wanted to say thank you though for diverting Kyle's ex.
The donation we made earlier, we k..., we w..., we want it back.
This isn't a good deed, you just wanted to get on TV! This is totally selfish.
That's odd, 'cause this dog's been living here for the past 3 days
Woo-Hoo! The curse is broken! I called everybody I know, and everyone is alive.
Wow! It's huge! It's so much bigger than the cubicle. Oh, this is a cube.
Hey! You guys, I'm writing a holiday song for everyone. Do you want to hear it?
I dunno, well he got over the "We were on a break" thing really quickly.
Oh my God. This is where you got all our stuff, Pottery Barn! Oh my God!
Hang in there, Man With Eye Patch, your tray is coming!
Sorry Frank, I'm kinda in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
Yeah okay... yeah, your mom... okay... She looks nice, I can talk to her.
For what it's worth, we would have caught her if we were at the right airport.
Umm, you might even say that she pulled a Monica. She doesn't know we switched it.
Because I just didn't know how much I wanted it. And I love you, and I wanted to live with you.
Okay, you said I could sing at your wedding so, I'm just gonna need a small deposit.
Well, he's never coming back! Okay? You just cost me eight dollars a week!
Yes! I will have the green salad, umm the house salad, and water's fine.
Yeah, and what a great way to say, "I secretly love you, roommate's girlfriend!"
Wow, eight hour flight with a one-year old? Good luck, mom.
Ok, so now we need, um sage branches and the sacramental wine.
No no no, doggie please. Oh, I do so wanna love all animals, please no.
Yeah, no kidding, this just proves no good can come from having sex with Ross!
Oh, ooh, Soap Opera Digest, oh that's one of my favorite digests.
Yeah, yeah, no, I don't, I don't know. But, y'know what, maybe it's just all for the best?
Okay! It's worth it, if it will get you moving. You haven't worked in months.
No it's just that I got this new pager and I have it on vibrate. See ya!
Well, I would love to but...the bike got stolen and the police have no suspects.
Or you could teach stripping. You know, share your gift, pass the torch.
Yeah! And if you wanna look 19, then you... You gotta do something about your eyes.
Well, of course it smells really bad. You have your head inside a turkey's ass!
"Oh, I have to get my number back. Oh my God. He's gone." Dead on.
Oh, poor little Tooty is scared to death. We should find his owner.
I have this feeling that something's wrong with it. Something is wrong with the left Philange.
That is so cruel! Why? Why would a parent name their child Bethel?
: Dear Ms. Green, thank you for your inquiry, however... oh...
I can't. I can't believe I have plans, I can't. Can you do it tomorrow night though?
I can't believe you won't just admit it! Okay, just promise me that you won't do anything stupid.
Okay, I guess. I mean... I don't know, it's just, I guess I know it's going to be over soon.
Well, it seems like there weren't any tears 'til you showed her the bill.
I can't believe it. Did you tell your board about how kids want to hear the truth?
Y'know what, you should like, you should buy a state and then just name it after yourself.
We're so stupid! Do you know what's going on in there? They're trying to take Joey!
Yeah, I did. I think it sounds y'know big sistery, y'know, 'Frank's always late.'
Yeah, I thought I had one a couple of minutes ago, and now I know that was definitely one.
I think my boyfriend ever so dreamy, I wonder what our wedding's gonna be like.
It's not mine, I didn't earn it, if I kept it, it would be like stealing.
Hamburger. McDonald's. Old MacDonald had a farm, my dad is a pharmacist.
You know like... uh okay... uh... 'Could that report be any later?'
Well, there was this one kid who had a sticker on his backpack that said-
No they ran out of "It's a girl" but I can fix this one, See?
Well look-look, okay Ross, Kyle just told me some really bad stuff about her.
Which means she had a couple spritzers and a quick peck on the cheek.
Well I'm sorry Rachel, but I'm not like you, ok? Not everyone can afford help.
Well I don't think it's very nice of you to park here, y'know you're blocking the entrance.
Yes, you will be very sad. All right, well I gotta go tell Rachel the good news.
I don't know. I mean, she obviously has some kind of unfinished business. Sit up!
My guy is a lawyer who has volunteer work. And, he has one of these
...so this guy was all And I'm all, Buffay, Homicide. It was just so cool!
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. If you... If you want your key back, I totally understand.
Smoked a joint? You know, lit a bone? Weed? Hemp? Ganja?
What about, what about when I said y'know about the apartment pants, how dumb was I?
Phoebe, just watch that, I promise it will resotre all your faith in humanity.
Yeah, her first day on a new spiritual plane and she's gonna come to the coffeehouse!
No, yeah, we never find them! She's always best at us that wily minx.
Alright you guys, we can't turn on each other, Okay? That's just what she wants.
Terry's a jerk, and he won't let me work, and I hate Central Perk!
Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl- oh!
After he passed out, we put the sand around him to keep him warm.
Ross, you're tired. You've been looking all night. And clearly you suck at this.
I'm a lady Monica, I don't kiss and tell. But this hickey speaks for itself.
So, how are things going with crazy? Has she cooked your rabbit yet?
Are you lying? Is this like that time you tried to convince us that you were a doctor?
Because it's Arabian princess day at work! Okay?! Leave me alone!
Yeah, yeah, no it's OK 'cause, I mean, I know he's there, so, that's enough for now.
Or, we can decide by whose ever name is closer to the word phone.
Okay, let's discuss Rachel's birthday. I say we throw a surprise party this weekend.
I'm telling you, if you want to take care of that thing, you should go to my herbal guy.
That wasn't a date! That was, that was just friends getting together... having sex.
Good. Oh oh! Roger's having a dinner thing and he wanted me to invite you guys.
All right, well, I just can't think about that right now. I just wanna say good-bye to my Grandma.
Did you, did you touch any of the guitars while you were there? Did you?!
No, no maybe 'cause it's harder to raise them, and the added expense, and...
Wow, money and a firm hand. Finally a Chandler I can get on board with.
Are there anymore from the good batch? 'Cause we could just work off of those.
And this time, they've ganged up to form one giant, super hat.
Okay If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean any of that. I love you.
Okay, look I-I-I do something nice, okay? I'll-I'll fill her ice trays.
No, it's not! We were just goofing around and I dared him to try them on.
Well, we were um, sorta invited to go skiing, y'know Rachel's sister's cabin.
Oh, okay. Excuse me sir? Could you come with me please? You have a phone call.
Y'know what? I'm not talking to you! You go back to sleep! And you, are you a rapist?!
Ooh, I gotta go. I found a guy that who could fix up the van for catering.
No! Seven rats! I think we should take them home, we need feed them.
See no-no, I made a batch and I froze it, and this is the only one left.
A-ha! And... what is bluffing? Is it not another word for... lying?
Ooh. Oh. It looks like, like a tiny little person drowning in your cereal.
Yeah, well, we'll see about that. Can I use your phone? I just wanna call everyone I know.
It's amazing! My headache is completely gone! What are those pills called?
I know no, no, y'know you don't deserve this, you don't Ross. You're, you're really, you're so good.
We just have to really, really, really, not let stuff like money get--is that a hickey?
Well actually you're the one person I can't tell this too. And the one person I want to the most.
All right. No, no, no, not a Richard thing, just put down the glass. And get out!
What when Yeller saves saves the family from the wolf and everyone's happy?
Oh wait, I change my mind! Okay, let's talk about the party! I have so many ideas!
If you would've let me finish, it goes on to say that he's probably not gay.
Maybe because you never listen to anything that I say. I talk about her all the time! DENISE!!!!!
Yeah, um, she was 82 years old. Her name was um, Mrs. Adelman.
That's funny, no. Cadillac, cataract, I get it, no I get it, you stay out there.
Thank you! God, no! You should see me when... Oh actually, no, I look pretty good.
Oh OK. Oh no, oh it's gone, that's so weird, I don't know how-where it went.
Yeah the material feels so soft-hello Mr. Bicep! Have you been working out?
No, the 'No Smoking' sign. There's no smoking in my Grandmother's cab.
Yeah you're always singing "Yummy yummy yummy, I've got love in my tummy"
Yes, and her boyfriend. But we're celebrating Thanksgiving in December 'cause he is lunar.
Ice sculpture? That sounds really fancy! I told you I just want a simple wedding.
No! I'm not finished yet! Don't! Don't you dare hang up on me!!!
Ok, I didn't see it, because I was putting on my jacket, but I uh want to believe you.
Wow, a house for dolls, that is so cool! When I was kid, I had a barrel.
Um-mmm, and I won't have to go there anymore because I gave them my correct address.
Yeah, and-and leaving us to go see hot dancer girls is not very Thanksgivingy.
You know, it's a lot less surprising to do that after I've buzzed you into the building.
Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know, with the woman coming out of the frame.
Come on, you know, Thanksgiving. Ooh, you got the bigger half. What'd you wish for?
And then. I would use y'know the strongest tool at my disposal. My sexuality.
There isn't time. You must leave everything. They'll take care of you next door.
Well, 'cause then they'd be like my mom used to make them, you know, before she died.
Tiger! Dragon! Iceberg!! Joseph, did you even study at all last night?
Thank you. Can you believe no-one between my apartment and here offered to do that for me?
Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.
I know. Oh, like you would drink her coffee after what you did to her with Van Damme.
No, yeah, we never find them! She's always best at us, that wily... minx.
Okay Joey? Chandler's here, he was wondering... Okay, I guess he ran out of change.
For your information, this happens to be a pain like no man will ever experience.
Oh, I took Larry there to eat but it was all violated. So we shut it down!
No, listening! Sit! Y'know, maybe it would just really, really help if you would just talk.
Wait. Why was he yelling at her? He's the one who slept with someone else.
No-no, I know that, but I just have to make enough money for the second part of my plan.
Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street, so I am here to entertain!
Yes, they are expected presently. Yeah, yeah um, their arrival is in the offing.
All righty. I'll be back in-in a little bit. Unless you wanna come with me?
Oh, if I were, would-would I have shooting pains up and down my left arm?
Wait a minute! So when Emily comes you're just, you're not gonna see Rachel anymore?
Yeah well, she certainly knew what she was doing New Year's Eve 1997.
Yeah I mean it's probably nothing, but I just wanted to warn you that there might be something there.
Oh! Here it is! Ooh, Joey! Why did you sign it, "Son of a bitch?"
Hmm, something bad to tell Rachel... Bad news for Rachel, what could that be?!
And on my way over here, I stepped in gum. ...What is up with the universe?!
I'm not going along with some lie you made Ross, No I'm just gonna be honest with him.
Uh huh yeah there's just something umm, there's something you should know Vicrum just called.
No, nothing like that. I was just...such a dummie. I taught this "massage-yourself-at-home-workshop." And they are.
Oh God, I'm so glad you guys are happy, I was so afraid you were going to be all freaked.
Wait for me! Wait for me! Wait for me! Oh cool, this is my first huddle.
You'd better get back in that kitchen Monica, the garlic is not gonna overuse itself.
Oh, um, it was nice. Took him to a romantic restraunt, ordered champagne, nice.
Yes, thank you. You see, this is how normal people are supposed to react to drums.
Oh? Isn't that funny? I didn't see that before, I wouldn't have let her go up again.
Or! I should rush through dinner with Joey and I can meet David at 9:00!
Sure! Tout le plaisir est pour moi, mon ami.
Yes. Yes! Fine! I am someone! You want me to say it? I have doubts! I'm sorry!
OK, I just need two... the, um, ten of spades and the six of clubs.
Yeah, I think it was better when you guys were sad. Hey, uh, remember the roller blades?
No! No! Look at that! It's a line of ants! They're working as a team!
Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here. No... Oh God... Oh!
Yeah! Let's do it! Let's live together! Oh god, we're really going to move in together!
Listen! You have to help me pick a dress 'cause I'm meeting Mike's parents tonight!
Not if nothing happens. Why can't... why can't we just hang out as friends?
No, I'm-I'm not sure about Hulk, but I like the idea of a name starting with "The."
So, what are we gonna do? Are we just gonna go ahead and set them up with people?
Uh-huh, got it. Ooh, I'm gonna see my dad. Wish me luck, Grandpa! Commercial
I know, it's tough. You know what the first thing I did after my mother's funeral was?
Fine, all right, mine had a dwarf that got broke in half, but y'know whatever.
Oh, this is so exciting! You get your picture back up on the wall of fame! Eek!
Oh, ok, murder, cancer, soccer teams eating each other in the Andes.
God, I woke the beast. Sorry. I was wrong obviously, I just-I misspoke. It's okay.
Ok, you guys, I don't mean to make things worse, but umm, I don't want to live with Rachel anymore.
Yeah, I... Well y'know I-I mean I missed the-the semi-finals, so I'd just be lost.
Will it? Will it?! I mean, how would you feel if you found out you were 31?
Of course you can take a couple days off work because this trip includes me!
Oh, you are so going to Minsk. You belong in Minsk. You can't stay here just 'cause of me.
nothing, I'm excited about our date, Mike this is Ross Geller this is Mike Haaaaa.
Yes! Now, she feels terrible! She really wants to make up! You gotta find her.
Uh, Ross, those are the only lines we have, sorry. OK, you guys, once more.
Damn it woman, pull yourself together! Have some pride, for the love of God.
Are you ready for your Scottish massage? Put your face in the hole, lassy.
Hey you guys, I don't mean to make things worse, but umm, I don't want to live with Rachel anymore.
I'm sorry. It was just so funny when you started comparing Jane Eyre to Robocop.
Aw, and I was gonna ask you to marry me because I forgot to say hello to you last week.
Yeah. So, we can do it tomorrow night, you guys. It's Valentine's Day. It's perfect.
Bye! We said good-bye at the door so as not to flaunt our new love.
Okay! Oh my God! My first bike! Thank you for the best present I've ever gotten.
Well, how could it not be breezy, no, 'cause, you're, you're in such a breezy place.
Ok, well, who identified the tone of this restaurant as pretentious comma garlicky?
Oh, did the little rich boy have a problem with the butler? Yes, mine's worse!
Oh-ho yeah! A song with rhyming words. Oo, I never thought of that before.
I'm just gonna pass on the concert, 'cause I'm just not in a very Hootie place right now.
Right, yeah, ok, I'll ask the butler to fetch my diamonds out of the vault.
A stripper at a bachelor party, that is so clich. Why don't you get a magician?!
Yeah, well, I'm very angry at him, because he slept with me and never called me back.
Oh! I know! It's because... he's gorgeous, and he's charming, and when he looks at you...
You don't have to do that, Ross and Joey aren't here, you can watch the parade if you want.
Oh, no, no, no, no. You know what, he's not into that stuff anymore. He quit for me.
No! Think about it, it's a taxi that people take when they need to relax, it's...
I bought them off Ebay! They used to belong to the late Shania Twain.
Okay, well I think that they're in my purse. Why don't you go get dressed and I'll look for them.
Huh. So now, the real question is, who put those fossils there, and why?
Oh, I knew something had to be wrong, because my fingernails did not grow at all yesterday.
Ugh, it's so exhausting waiting for death. Ohh, by the way, do you think you could-
I can't believe I'm gonna have a party! This is so great! A party! Yay!! I don't know why.
No! No! I just went to pick up Phoebe Buffay's checks; there were a lot of them.
Oh, well that's ok. I think you and I will do much better if you're just... here as a bridesmaid.
I know, I'm sorry! But y'know, this ring is better! Monica never even saw the other ring.
Oh! Get off!! Ow!! Oh, stop it!! Why?! Why are you doing that to me?!
Yu-huh. That's when my mother would shut off the TV and say 'The end'.
You're Elizabeth's father, huh? I can see now where she gets her rugged handsomeness.
Wow! Oh you can just imagine that this is where they kept all the stuff to make their potions.
Good that's a good one. Okay, Monica, anything? Y'know? Does Rachel move the phone pen?
Ahh, toilet seat covers! Is that what you were doing while I was getting gas?
Um, that's ok! Ok. All right. Now we need the semen of a righteous man.
All good, thanks. Do you maybe have a nickname have like a nickname that's easier to rhyme?
Oh, do I have a middle name. All right Monica Velula Geller. It's that bedroom there.
Hey, you guys! Look what I found! Look at this! That's my Mom's writing! Look.
Oh God, here we go. For the first time in my life I'm gonna say 'Hi birthfather'.
Oh well, all right, I got thank you, I got uh, this y'know "I want a job sweater."
No offence but, y'know sometimes it's hard to understand you, y'know with the accent, so...
Wow, this is it, I'm gonna meet my dad. This is like the biggest thing ever, huh.
Yes, I was going to incorporate that. Oh good, here's Monica, she'll have something nice to say.
I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find...
Alright, don't say that. He's probably always been dull. You just, you know, set it free.
Some guy bought it. I'm sorry. I tired to stop it but they put me in jail!
Okay, let's get some perspective people; it's not like I'm wearing a seeing-eye dog coat!
I don't-Look I don't know what you're complaining about now? You were both aware of the situation!
Hello "ja", it's time for your massage, ja! Put your face in the hole.
All right I... I gotta call my mom and ask her a left handed cooking question.
Oh, so this is all about money! Y'know it's bad enough that-Ow! Oh, you have got to be kidding!
Yeah... but you should know, I also have a jar of vaseline and a cat skull in here.
Oh, it's already closed, Chris gave me the keys to lock up-what is wrong?
Stop it! Stop it, before someone gets really hurt! Here David, you should just go.
Oh. It was a long shot. Hey, you guys can I just like have a second alone with the babies.
Oh.Okay, then it gets worse, 'cause then I told him that I would see him tomorrow night.
Well, I think it's great that the medical community is finally trying to help sick hamsters.
Hi. Y'know in England this car would be on the other side of the store. Woo!
You apologize to the tree right now or I am calling for backup. Backup! Backup!!
Okay. Oh no-no-no, you don't touch the guitar! First you learn here, then you learn here.
Ya know, in all the years that we have been grandmother and granddaughter, you have never lied to me.
A bunch of stuff. And the worst one... he wants me to get rid of Gladys.
Y'know, I don't-I don't think it's you. This is a freaky place. Hey! Guys! Oh no, it's you.
I can't say, I just thought it was really good... and... maybe would be worth something some day.
Its fine. I mean, this is something that you've been thinking about since you were what, 14?
least you've been married, OH MY GOD! I wanna trade lives with Ross.
Yes. Once. Yeah, a little. He kinda did it to himself. It's not really a good story.
I can hear traffic and birds! I can hear the voices in my head again! I'm kidding.
Oh, and great! You might as well bring me my book, it's on the counter in your apartment.
Stop it! Stop it no! That's not fair! Y'know I can't resist that beautiful voice!
Was it my work? Were they mad? Was it Jack? Did he yell?!
Congratulations! I didn't want to say anything in front of Joey 'cause I didn't know if he knew yet.
Okay, is this the day of good news or what? I got us a job! The wedding reception.
Ok, so... 1800 minus twelve is... one thousand, seven hundred and...
We've got the ground-up flesh of formerly cute cows and turkeys, ew...
All I could think of was y'know, "Is he gonna kiss me? Is he gonna kiss me?"
Oh my God! Why would you play hide and seek with someone you know is a flight risk?!
Just one? I drive you all the way down here, and I don't get to see how it works out?
G-sharp? Have you been studying the real names of the chords? Have you? Oh my God!
I know that, but look, we've got the Powerball number, we've won 3 dollars!
No. No! No! ...So, um, do you think he's doing any better than he was this morning?
Wow! And I'm a vegetarian! All right, all right, well I'm sorry, we'll put some ice on it.
No that's just me coughing! Oh, good, there you are! Listen, um, I have a dog in my room.
Oh, but, could we not go together? I,I don't wanna be the geek that invited the boss.
Well, yeah, but... no. I mean, umm... doesn't.... doesn't Russ just remind you of someone?
Yeah, I can see where I'd be your best shot but, no. I'm sorry, but I think it's twisted.
Okay, dinosaur attack!! Quick, everybody into the house!! Ahh-ahh! Roof! Rrroof-roof-roof!
So, so far is this trip to Vegas better or worse than the trip to London?
Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
YOU DID NOT!!!! Oh! No! You came up with Relaxi Cab! That's not good.
What does that mean? Does he sell it, drink it, or just complain a lot?
You guys you really should get rid of those animals. They shouldn't be living in an apartment.
I've had that dog there for three days and Chandler had no idea. He's not so smart.
Because patience is the road to understanding which ... is the key... to a happy heart.
Yeah, I saw the article on your coffee table and I memorized the title to freak you out!
That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking about. Mike, obviously you have balls.
Y'know, for once, I am going to sit down and try to watch one of these things. .
There we go.You know what, if we were in prison, you guys would be, like, my bitches.
Happy thirtieth birthday! Here! It's for the child in you, and the woman. Happy thirtieth!
All right, I already didn't give them back to you, that's what I said. Where is that other earring?
Okay, so what do you think ladies? Who wouldn't be interested? Who wouldn't want to date him?
This used to be your room? Wow! You must've been in really good shape as a kid.
Okay, whatever you say. But just be careful, all right? Rachel's not in the same place you are.
Oh God. Remember the girls' nights we used to have sitting around talking about you and Ross?
So he's probably really nervous around women, y'know? Maybe, you just have to make the first move.
Ooh, this is cool...it says in some parts of the world, people actually eat the placenta.
Oh, hey, Mon, do you still have your like old blouses and dresses from high school?
Um, not so good. He walked me to the subway and said 'We should do this again!'
Eh, don't be so hard on yourself. If someone I was still in love with was getting married...
Yeah. But Sergei said it took the Germans six weeks to get all the way across it.
Oh. Oooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! My butt cheek is waking up! Oooh! Ooh!
Hell, I'm drunk right now! What? I can't have a mimosa with breakfast?! I'm on vacation!
All right well let's see, Ross is a good father, but Joey has a boat-This is hard!
Well, okay, fine, use my happy place. Okay, I'm just gonna, I have to ask that you don't move anything.
No. They said you 'Weren't believable as a human being.' So, you can work on that.
Ooh, three points. Both fine answers, but we were looking for leafy, leafy.
No, I just heard when people live together, they split the cost of stamps. Don't they?
Okay, fine, I'll move. Alright, you don't have to manhandle me. Where? Okay. Thank you. Wach.
Umm, wow. This-this isn't gonna be easy. Umm, I don't think we should see each other anymore.
It's, yes, my little black book. It's got the numbers of all the guys I've dated.
Oh. Well umm, okay here's a weird thing. My mother was also a supply manager.
Alors, si vous pouviez jouer le jeu avec lui...
Oh no, I know! I know! It's the one where Joey got Monica's turkey stuck on his head!
Did you ever feed him a poison capsule that made him bleed from the eyes?
Thanks, hi. Um, I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year.
I wouldn't say never, you know there's that guy well what about ok well there's gotta be someone.
I do! I do! I do! I do! Ugh, like I can really chase you. I'm carrying a litter.
That's the same month as Halloween. So, um, what kinda things do you like to do at home?
I'm telling you he's dead. What we are about to have here is a dead fat guy on a stick.
He said, "Nice to meet you Glenda." Well, obviously I couldn't give him my real name?
Well, Ursula is a waitress and-and she lives in Soho. And Phoebe, is on this couch.
Okay, you can totally say no, but umm, would it be okay with you if I set Ross up on a date?
We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the big screen thing...
You're just so mean to each other! And I don't want to end up like that with Rachel. I still like you!
Oh, it's a secret. Oh goodie! Yes! We haven't done the secret thing in a long time.
Well, I told you I had to spend all the day clearing out stuff, so Mike could move in.
And I have your name and the fact that you're a drifter, so the ball's pretty much in your court.
I know. Then, I'm gonna marry Chandler for the money and you'll marry Rachel and have the beautiful kids.
Um, is, is there any chance that you're rounding up? You know, like from, like 20?
I've never driven it! Okay? Not once! Okay once. Okay, I drive it all the time.
When I was you! Y'know what, it's all Joey's fault, 'cause he left his nose open!
Y'know what, it doesn't matter what you say it's not gonna make a difference anyway, so you can just go.
I really don't want to mess up what we have. I'm just-I'm worried it's gonna be a big mistake.
So, what? Monica, we have the winning ticket! My psychic said I was gonna win, remember?
Well at least all my songs don't taste like garlic. Yeah, there are other ingredients Monica.
It's alright. Look kiddo, I gotta go. Good luck with the career. You're gonna be huge.
Well, I'm not going in first. I bet that vein on Monica's forehead is popping like crazy.
Don't worry, don't worry. We'll come up with a good lie. I'll help you practice it.
Okay, Jasmine, can you, can you ask Mr. Whiffler if he can wait for like five minutes.
Oh, okay, I learned how to shoot a lay-up, a foul shot, and a twenty-three pointer.
Really, it doesn't mean anything. I mean, you know, Monica refers to Chandler as Richard all the time!
Well, all right. 1700 bags of peanuts flying that high, that's pretty amazing too.
And tell them that in 2 weeks I will once again be a masseuse in good standing!
See? And you don't care if people are staring, it's just for a second cause then you're gone!
The exclamation point in the title scares me. Y'know, it's not just Freud, it's Freud!
No, I just feel like being by myself for a while. All right? I'll see you guys later. Thanks.
ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH!
Well, not for a little while. Let's just give him a few days to get used to everything else.
No, no, we don't really have time for this right now. Okay, we have to keep Chandler away from my bedroom.
Well, yeah! But I'm not gonna take anymore crap. Okay? No more Mrs. Nice Bucket!
I know, I know. So sweet... and so complicated. And for a shrink, he's not too shrinky, y'know?
You know, I might know somebody. Hey, how about you set me up with someone, and we double date!
No, no, you can get one yourself. It'll be on the house! Y'know what are big sisters for?
Yeah, I had a massage client who worked there and-and he said I had a knack for stocks.
W-w-I just-it's that-I have-y'know I have-I have an appointment. And it's very important.
But he didn't really know, you know. He wasn't planning on coming to Barbados and proposing to me...
But Joey, you're gonna be fine. You don't need that show, it was just a dumb soap opera.
Oh let me guess, and you wanna have them all at the same time and you wanna have them for your brother.
Oh, I'm sorry. Is that annoying? And speaking about being selfish in bed, how's Whitney?
Um, I'm gonna go meet Duncan, he's skating tonight at the Garden, he's in the Capades.
You guys, we said we were gonna have fun! Come on, hey, remember the time... You don't remember?
Excuse me! Can you tell me where I can find Earl? He's the supply manager around here.
Yes, and then I realized I'm against that, and uh, so then we bought some, uh, boobs.
Yeah, oh, Princess Leia and the gold bikini, every guy our age loved that.
I don't-she said y'know that I'd have triplets! But she also said one of them would be black.
Ross, went to get a cab so we can all... No, wh-what are you doing! No, Monica, no!
Oh yeah, oh and I know, but this isn't what it looks like, 'cause Rick is my ahh, husband.
Yeah, I think I told it wrong. Y'know, we should talk about that because I don't totally understand what happened there.
Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, fine, fine. Now I don't feel so bad about sleeping with Jason Hurley.
The voice woman. Ya know, I mean, she has a great voice but she doesn't have a video.
Can I borrow the phone? I want to call my apartment and check on my grandma. What's my number?
We did! We violated Section 12 Paragraph 7 of the criminal code!
It's just y'know, been a couple of hours, and she hasn't called. Not that I even care, y'know.
Her name is Precious? Is she a purebreed or did you pick her up at the pound?
I don't think it would have sold a million copies but it would have made a nice gift for you.
Well, I'm returning a call from a certain mom at the B-E-A-C-H. I just spelled the wrong word.
Listen to you two. It's so sad. Looks like I'm gonna be going to the goddess meetings alone.
I like waking up with you too. Oh! It's such a beautiful morning. Oh, I can stay here all day.
Who are you kidding? You just find some guy off the street for me? Oh God! This is humiliating!
Coming through! Oh! Coming through! Oh! Hello! Hi! No! Right! Coming through!
Okay, I didn't understand that, but y'know, maybe that's 'cause you were speaking the secret language of love!
Uh-huh, me too. Ross, maybe I should've specified that I'd be needing a grown up doctor.
Huh, well, the girls in the satin nighties on the commercial don't seem to think it's that bad.
Oh! Oh, I can't believe it! I mean I think it's great! For him. She might be able to do better.
Your hair looks too good, I think it would upset her. Ross, why don't you come on in.
A real man wouldn't just run to the hospital! No! What would, what would Krog do?
Yes, but I wanted you to want to live with me, but okay, if you're having so much fun over here...
Well let's just hope it works. Y'know nine out of ten marriages end in divorce?
Save it Red! Unless you wanna spend the night in the slammer, you apologize to the tree.
Yeah. I was just in there. He introduced himself and the next thing I know, we're making out. You know.
How can people do that?... Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots!
No, that's my stepdad. My real dad's the one that ran out on us before I was born.
Ya, you know, Rachel ... she'll do whatever you want. Y'know, you can just walk all over her.
What about me? I just found out that Denise is leaving town for a while, I don't have a roommate.
Yeah, I really do. You know, I had nothing growing up. Just like the kids I took the money from.
Chandler's knees. Chandler's... ankles. Chandler's ankle hair. Oh no. Okay, you're all set.
I'm... I'm just... I'm the worst person ever. How can I not tell David that I'm seeing Mike?
I just really wanted to apologize again and... and also show you something I think you'll find very exciting.
She's just so cute! I just wanna bite her ear off and use it and a sucking candy.
Joey, this is Mary Ellen Jenkins. So, Mike, how do you and Joey know each other anyway?
That's easy! You just have to think of him as a-as a jar of pickles that won't open.
No, I-I mean your-your old best friend, here. Lily, from high school. Remember?
Okay, y'know what, you don't have to do that now. No-no-no-no!! Not him, you don't! Well the moment's over.
Okay, this is going to be harder than I thought. Umm, let's try some uh, aversion therapy.
Goodie! Thanks. So, how is it living with Rachel again? I mean, apart from the great food.
Well, just you know, for argument's sake, you know, hypothetically. Which one would you be willing to give up?
It's amazing! You better hurry up and fill out an application or I'm gonna beat you to it.
It's me. It's Phoebe. Listen there's something in here I want to eat, what-what smells so good?
Ooh, y'know what, I think it's time for puppy to go out again. Come on, let's go to the balcony.
You're kidding! And he plays rugby?! That's so funny. Ohh! I see how you did that. All right.
Ok, there is no top. That's the beauty of Smelly Cat. Um, why don't you just follow me?
Five? Okay, where am I giving birth, a hospital or a big box under the stairs?
Oh, yeah! Are you telling me you... you're not even... a little turned on by Monica, right now?
Yep, we shook on it. Yeah but believe me that is not how he wanted to seal the deal.
Perhaps because you gave her an engagement ring? Y'know Ross doctors are supposed to be smart.
I'm sorry... I'm sorry. It's obviously way too early for us to be... having that conversation.
I know! I guess I am! Oh my god! Load up the Volvo I want to be a soccer mom!
Yeah, it's totally meant to be. Tell him who you originally wanted to hook up with that night.
Oh no! No no! Not at all. We're just moving in right now. See where it goes.
Yeah... Ogh... Okay, fine. You made your point. Can you please just be Mike Hannigan again?
Oh, great. Great. You're doing great, you know real strong. Going strong. Keep going.
No! No, you can't arrest me! No!! I won't go back! I won't go back to that hell hole!!
I thought I'd try to take a walk. Would you pour me some water? I'll be back soon.
No no no, I'll be nice, I swear!!! Could you just give me the number for where they are?
There is nothing wrong with Jake! Okay? He is all man! I'm thinking even more than you.
Oh my God! This is a six-hour pill! That's it! I'm out of the woods! Ohh! What a relief!
Ok, and I have the, uh receipt for my dinner with Nokululu Oon Ah Ah.
So okay what? You're gonna be married to a girl who doesn't even know about it?!-Op, woman! Sorry.
Yeah! Yeah! Convince her that-that you're scared of commitment! Convince her that you're a little coward!
Yeah... Oh Bitsy, hi. Uhm... listen I just wanted to thank you again for having me here tonight.
Okay, this is what I'm talking about, this. I-I need to live in a land where people can spill.
Okay, so The Plaza! Okay, we'll get us some Mai Thai's, maybe no more for you though.
So. This has always been Monica's bed, what you're just noticing now, how self-involved are you?
I'm doing okay. I think it's going well. Do you think they're having fun? Am I talking to fast?
You know.. you let your guard down, you start to really care about someone, and I just- I-
Oh! Alright. Well I think the reason people laugh is becuase it's a play on the word roomy.
This is madness. It's madness, I tell you, for the love of God, Monica, don't do it!! ...Thank you.
Yeah, I know, it's gonna be even worse for you... God... Ross, get ready to do some serious crying.
Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
That's it? That's why you won't go out with her again? So, she took some fries, big deal!
Ohh, you and your ways. Since it's Christmastime. I'm going to be one of those people collection donations.
No. No! It's just y'know first, I wanna take off all my clothes and have you rub lotion on me.
No! There-there was a little, a little diff in the market and I lost 13 million dollars.
Sorry. ..Y'know, those stupid soda people gave me seven thousand dollars for the thumb.
I'm so jealous you're all going! I can't believe I never knew that you can't fly in your third trimester!
OK, look, see, this is him. My mother gave me this picture before she died, same guy.
Oh, now you're sad and creepy, oh. You know what, I, I'm sorry I quit, okay, I just quit.
... with the double double double-jointed boy. Hey. So um, are you the professional guitar player?
Okay. Good, all right, let's get back in the car, 'cause it's freezing, and my chest is unsupported.
OH!! Oh I thought they were just watching me. You know, like at, like at an aquarium, ya know.
Okay, well, this is crazy. Can't seriously be talking about me taking one of your kids, can we?
Yes!! Yes! Yes! Yes!! That's my Dad, that's Frank! Yeah! I'm sorry I'm getting all flingy.
Ohh. Um-hmm. But y'know, she choose to find me. I mean, I have to respect her decision. Right?
Then what's wrong with them? Would they not go with your tiny portions of pretentious food?
Wow. So, okay, maybe that means that, you're not over Ross yet and you have issues with your father.
Uh-huh. Okay. Okay, don't you think, maybe, though, it's just that he's so perceptive that it freaks you out?
I'm sorry Monica but I knew if I told you, you'd get really, like, judgemental and you would not approve.
Oh, I-I gave them the puppy and it made them so happy that I decided I'm gonna carry their baby.
All right. All right! If he wants a date? He's gonna get a date. All right, I'm gonna go in.
No! No, her cab! She probably won't be using it; you can drive it to Las Vegas.
No. What do you, what do you want me to be, like some stupid, big, like, purple dinosaur?
Hey, tell him about Relaxi-Taxi, and-and ask him if he thinks that's better than Relaxi Cab.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! No, no, you don't want that one. No, you can have this cool brown one.
You know, it's so surprising that you and Joey have known each other for so long and I've never heard about you.
Wow, so glad I changed. Almost wore my ??? outfit that can't contain my breasts.
Listen, Mike, if you were Swedish and you were saying the word "lorkins" what flowers would that be?
Okay umm, I'd also like to try on the tiara. Oh yeah. Okay. What do you think, too much?
Yeah, but you've known Rachel since High School and you cannot just cut her out of your life.
Well, at least you didn't rent yours from a store called, "It's Not Too Late."
I thought I was going home to go to bed, but I'm sensing there's something less fun for me to do here.
Maybe that's because you haven't taken the time to get to know him. Let's remedy that, shall we?
This place is so depressing. If I had to work here I'd kill myself. But you obviously haven't.
Chandler, easy, easy. Go to your happy place. La la la la la la la.
I just like him so much that I just feel like I've had 10 drinks today and I've only had six.
Don't be so negative! Good God! Isn't it possible that Sorry is sitting in there right now?!
Umm, I'm talking about that which you already know but won't admit. You love her again; you re-love her!
Yeah. Oh, except one of the strings on my guitar is broken. Hey, Chandler, can I borrow your G-string?
Well, look, why don't you just, why don't you do your Phase Two strip club thing with us.
Okay, I will find someplace else to do the rest of my appointments. I just don't know what the big deal is!
Hello. Oh good. Ross could you put up some of these flyers for me? OH!! Demon!! Demon!!
What am I supposed to do? Ask every guy I make out with if he's married? No, yeah, I should.
Hi! Hi! Listen, my friend Ross is about to be divorced for the third time, but wouldn't you date him?
Yeah. . . I'm sorry. We weren't really looking for anything to happen with you guys. I, I have a boyfriend.
I know! I know, I opened it up and there it was, just floating in there, like this tiny little hitch-hiker!
Okay but if you don't find him and bring him back, I am gonna hunt you down and kick your ass!
Well, why did you make like a whole big thing out of y'know, everyone has to hang out in the big apartment?
Well, it just, it doesn't feel like playing anymore, it feels like work. It's like I'm working in the field.
She's already fluffed that pillow... Monica, you know, you've already fluffed that- -but, it's fine!
I know, I know, we can drive, we can vote, we can work, what more do these broads want?
Give me your hands. Strings. Gimme it! Pick. Do you want to learn to play guitar?
Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it. Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom?
Look, she only suspects something okay? She doesn't know for sure, so just throw her off the track.
Oh, well um, not right now. Y'know I'm just gonna go to bed, I think the fumes are giving me a headache.
Yeah well, once again not knocking pays off. I only wish you hadn't been on the toilet.
It's not kicking me, it's kicking one of the other babies. Oh ! Don't make me come in there!
Anyway, OK, now promise you won't like, freak out and say how great this is until I'm done, OK.
Okay but look! Look at what I got! It's her address book! We have a guest list!
Yeah well, maybe she should've spent a little less time decorating and a little more time in the bedroom.
And! And, they're gonna have a baby! And! And, they want me to grow it for them in my uterus.
Y'know, this is probably none of my business, but weren't you guys supposed to not be seen in public together?
Okay, so I'm done my part, okay. It's your responsibility now, okay. The burden is off me, right?
Well, I'll tell you Rachel Karen Green, I had plans with Joey tonight and he left me this note.
You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her anymore. Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis.
Rachel, come here. Okay, I was just starting to take my Thanksgiving nap, and I had another dream about Jack.
Stop it! Stop it! She keeps squirming, trying to get away! Just like when she was alive.
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. You are not gonna believe this. I have just been discovered.
Rach, look! Oh, hi! Where is my strong Ross Skywalker to come rescue me. There he is.
You could get arrested, right now! All right, yeah, I gotta take it back. I'm totally drunk with power.
Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions.
Because this one is now! And-and it's two of our best friends! Who knows what you're gonna marry!
Well, uhm, back in my mugging days, you know, I, uhm, I worked St. Marc's Comics.
Okay, oh and you know, if she gets upset, just scratch her tummy and give her a liver snout.
Ooh-oh! Someone's wearing the same clothes they had on last night. Someone get a little action?
Oh, I was just here looking for, um, my um, my part of an old sandwich. Oh, here it is! Oh.
I just went to my old apartment to get you the-the cookie recipe and the stupid fire burned it up!
Yeah. See, that money was for a big wedding, that we thought we didn't want, but it turns out we do.
Okay do you-Okay, do you have a search warrant? Because the last time I checked this was still America!
All right, wait just one more second. Hi, it's Phoebe and Rachel's. Please leave a message, thanks!
...in Reservations at 8:00 by Neil Simon. Thank-thank you Neil. Thank you for the words.
Just one last time erm... the marriage thing... there's no wiggle room? None at all?
Sure. It's just as well... I mean, last year wasn't very good. I think she's losing her touch.
This is so cool, 'til Monica gets back, it's like I'm head chef and I get to make all the decisions.
Of course I can! It's just good sense to backup your backup! Look, I've already lost Chandler!
I thought you were excellent! In fact for a minute there I was like, "Ooh, where'd Ross go?"
Atlantic City, baby! Let's roll some bones! Hey Joey, high-five for rolling bones!
Ohh! I have! I have! I started making these little sock bunnies! Oh for crying out loud!
yeah well yeah you know Emma's birth certificate might say Geller but her eyes say Mookurgee.
Ok well, before you do, I know we weren't supposed to get you going away presents, but I do have something for you.
See, I-I think that one that Elton John wrote for, um, that guy on Who's The Boss.
Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat, smelly cat, it's not your fault.
Oh, yeah, he clipped on, he said call him as soon as you get a chance, he's at Flimby's.
No, I'm just gonna help him, you know, get 'de-Ursula-ized', like you know, like I did for Joey after he went out with her.
Oh, I have dinner plans with Joey. We get together about once a month to discuss the rest of you guys.
Thanks! Y'know, that when you say things like that it makes me wanna rip that sweater vest right off!
Oh, ok, you know what I don't get? The way guys can do so many mean things, and then not even care.
Ooh, is that spelled with a 'C' or a 'K'? Oh my God! It doesn't matter; they're both great!
Hi! It's me. And soup. Hey, I just saw Josh, he looks so yummy in your leather jacket.
Why don't take care of this one, and should I get pregnant again, I'll hold onto your card, okay?
I just talked him into it, don't tell me I have to do you too. The puppet master gets tired people.
There's your movie! Later on. Monica opens her front door. Chandler is sitting in the hallway.
Okay, I understand why Superman is here, but why is there a porcupine at the Easter Bunny's funeral?
I'm sorry, I-I-I-I don't live here anymore. I-I didn't know how to tell you, but y'know everybody else knows!
I can't believe it! I did it! I rode a bike! I never thought I'd be able to do that! Thank you Ross.
Because you are so afraid of commitment! You talk to him, make him scared like you! Make him a...man!
Um, perhaps. Yes! Yes, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I was just afraid that you were still hung up on my sister.
Good. Y'know-no-no, okay, it's-it feels like everything's been about me lately, so what's happening with you?
Yeah! What have you got to lose? Y'know you might even end up with someone really special if you pick my guy.
If we are not doing it together, we're not doing it at all! So, say goodbye to your tickets! .
Lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, as needed.
Oh, ok. How, it's been so long since you've had sex, you're wondering if they've changed it?
I know! Evil! And... and... and... I like Mike so much, you know. It's just going really well. Oh my God!
It's nothing, it's just- Okay. I'm going through my mail, and I open up their monthly, you know, STATEMENT-
I still cannot believe you're engaged! Just 'cause its happening so fast; not 'cause you're such a loser.
Are you kidding? The woman has the nose of a bloodhound ... and the breasts of a Greek goddess.
Hi, Ben. I'm your father. I am... the head. Aaaaaahhhh.... Alright, this barbecue is gonna be very fun.
Yeah! Sure! Yep! Oh, y'know what? If I heard a shot right now, I'd throw my body on you.
Nothing, I just thought I'd stop by.. y'know, after the uh... that I.. y'know, so what are you doing here?
No because I chickened out the last time when I tried to meet him. So I mean coincidences? I don't think so.
So great. Oh, we took a nap today and my Mom fell asleep on my tummy and purred.
Um, Rachel I'm really sorry. That's okay, do you wanna get back together? Yeah, okay. Did anyone else hear that?!
Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you.
I'm not. I'm praying. Please let the Knicks win... Thank you Thor! Where... where are you going?
How could you pick up a hitchhiker?! He could be a rape-, a rapist or a killer or something!
No, it's just that he got this new like home theater dealie, and he wants y'know, us to check it out.
All right, prude... Look, Monica and Chandler really love this house. You are not gonna talk them into staying here.
Wait, am I missing something though? 'Cause I thought death was something that's supposed to be sad, in a way.
I feel really strongly about this, Rachel. Please, don't use this gift certificate. I'm asking you as a friend.
I'm not done yet, OK. God. OK, if that goes well, they may even want to make an album.
Okay, so umm, somebody has to call Frank and Alice. And then my mom wants to know--Joey, what are you doing?!
Oh wait! That can't be the one Rachel's talking about. She didn't even know that happened. So which one was it?
No, and so there's no one to walk me down the aisle and... well, I would just really love it if you would do it.
Oh my God, you're right! I am too late; they're sitting on the couch and talking! Come on! Rachel?
Oh. Okay, well I-I was kinda hoping that I would just...be alone y'know to think about my mom and her suicide.
Ok, look, before you even start, I'm not denying evolution, ok, I'm just saying that it's one of the possibilities.
And y'know, even if they break up again, you'd better not let him in your sad men's club!
So! Ross doesn't really decorate his tree with floss, but you don't hear him complaining do you? God!
Hey you guys, look, the one-eyed jack follows me wherever I go. Right, OK, serious poker.
Can you believe this? We were waiting for a hot guy and then an even hotter one shows up!
I can't! I can't! Unless... Well are you saying that-that you would move out if-if I didn't buy that lamp?
Ok, I'll fight for her. Ok! Oh, wait, oh I just realized... if I do that, that means you don't get her.
Well, come on, who cares what that guy thinks. What does Warren Beatty know about kissing Ooh.
It's okay. Actually y'know what, it's kinda cool. 'Cause it's like y'know, one life ends and another begins.
Yeah, well he'd prefer water colors, but y'know, he has easy access to a lot of charcoal.
Oh please, these guys, we haven't even moved in yet and they have us picking out china patterns.
Ooh, technically you owe me $600 for sending out happy thoughts on your last ten auditions.
No. It starts with a "v" and ends with an "x". Helpfully with a "to" in the middle.
Ooh, oh, I've gotta go. Whoa, oh, head rush. One more, and then I have to go. Cool!
"Are you in there little fetus? In nine will you come great us? I will buy you some Adidas."
Yeah, it's about relationships. Y'know? The traps, the pitfalls, what not to do, keep going. This stuff is great!
Oh, I thought this was your party and it turns out it's a party for Howard. He's just the sweetest little man!
That is so sweet. But don't you think it's a little too soon? I mean there's so much we don't know about each other.
You mean the one that my grandmother made me swear on her deathbed that I would never let out of our family?
Well, she's out of town so, there's gotta be something in her house that tells me where my Father is.
Oh, this is so intense. One side of my butt is totally asleep, and the other side has no idea.
Yeah, but you've got to pull yourself together! Monica can't see you like this! Then she'll know something's wrong!
No, you can't go. No-no-no, I can't hold this table on my own. If they ask me to move, I cave.
Huh? Can you just imagine getting down on one knee and handing her this gorgeous piece of weaponry?
Okay, look at him. Look at those strong hands. Oh what I wouldn't give to be that can of condensed milk.
Well, sure in a perfect world. But, no, I promised I wouldn't tell, and I swore to like all my gods.
That's it! 25 percent? That means that's it's like 75 percent chance of no baby at all!
All I got was a lousy key chain! And by that time I was living in a box. I didn't have keys!
Okay, look you wanna hold onto your food? You gotta scare people off. I learned that living on the street.
Now, that's trash. Young lady, you can't... Hey! Stop that young lady, she donated trash!
Sven I don't understand what you're saying! What is wrong with the flowers? Lorkins? What the hell are lorkins?
Oh, well, we have to celebrate. You know what we should do? We should do, like, a soap opera theme.
Yes. But I left in the Ys. 'Cause, y'know, "sometimes y". Uh, I also have something else for you.
Well, then you should come tonight. You know, just hang out with them. Let them see what a great guy you still are.
Well, he wants to do some ecclectic, so he's looking for someone who can, you know, create the entire menu.
No... actually, you might wanna stay away from Jane street... that's where stabby Joe works.
No, no-no, she was a human lady. This is the spirit of my Mom Lily, the one who killed herself.
Yes that's right. But still, I-, look at your purse, look at your sweater, look at yourselves.
Ok, it's very faint, but I can still sense him in the building. Go into the light, Mr. Heckles!
I am so sorry you got caught in the middle of that. I didn't mean to be so out there. I am furious with him!
What a beautiful night to be running around the street, looking for tickets. And the wind sure made it fun.
Hi, um, I just thought that it would be fun if the three of us had some beers and got to know each other.
Yeah well, "excuse me, I ordered the smoked salmon appetizer, but I can't see it, I can't see it"!
Oh, he has a gig. I kinda like being married to a rock star, you know. My husband has a gig.
It's mostly just photographs of lesbian love scenes interspersed with video games and free sandwiches.
Yes! You know, in six months the Statute of Limitations runs out and I can travel internationally again!
Well let's just say its she's lucky she has a sweet ass, 'cause she's not so good at the writing.
Or maybe he-he was writing to tell her that-that he's changed his name, y'know? Tell Monica I'm sorry.
It's not a blue screen... it's just, maybe it was just really clear that day. OK, I have to talk to my grandmother.
You wanna be on my list too? Keep talking! Has anyone seem my list by the way?
I can't believe two cows made the ultimate sacrifice so you guys could watch TV with your feet up.
I don't know. You could tie her up, she could tie you up; you could eat stuff off each other...
You know, did you ride mopeds? 'Cause I've heard... ... oh, I see... it's not about that right now. OK.
Yeah, and I know you guys don't know a lot about psychic readings, but that one is pretty much the worse one you can get.
No, uh-uh, I'm just, I'm nervous. So, you know what, maybe if I just, if I picture them all in their underwear.
Listen Ross, we ran out of gas, and we don't know where we are, so we can't get a tow truck.
I can see that, 'cause they both have those big brown eyes and, ya know, the little pouty chin.
Don't try to call him or anything, 'cause he's not there, he's out. His umm, his partner just died.
Oh, okay, umm, hi kids! Um, it's me, Aunt Phoebe. I can't wait to see you. Please don't hurt me!
Hey! Check it out! This is unbelievable! Joey has been holding his breath for almost four minutes!
Oh, it's so hard to get rid of stuff! Did you and Chandler have to make compromises when you first moved in together?
I'm not gonna give you tips! Look don't you see that this-this...this all came together so that I could stop you from doing this.
Yeah, come on. You know you want it, you know you want it too, come on. Let's just be bad, it'll feel so good.
Yeah, okay, listen, umm, Mom, I hope you know you still mean a lot to me. And you're welcome to come back anytime.
There you go, that's the spirit! Okay! Now, if you need money, I will lend you money, but just get moving!
Well, that's what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning on proposing to me that same way last night!
I can't follow Ross! It'd be like those bicycle ridding chimps that followed The Beetles. No.
All right, no, well I want to kill them to, but their boys, y'know how are we gonna beat three boys?
Um, that's really your decision, I mean, some people prefer, you know, to take off...oh whoops! You're being naked!
I don't know, it's just, you know...monkeys, Darwin, you know, it's a, it's a nice story, I just think it's a little too easy.
Okay, ah, before you get all talky again, umm, could you also please tell Sergei that I really like his suit.
You mean in case someone is trying to steal your bamboo sleeping mat or your kettle of fish?
Oh no. No-no-no, don't do that! How could I live with myself if I knew I was depriving the world of your music.
Oh, look at these! Hey, Ben. Just do it. Oh my God, oh, ok, was that too much pressure for him?
All right. Ok, but, but! You have to promise that you will not be all like control-y and bossy and Monica about it.
Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don't accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke on it.
Okay, don't sweat it. Chandler is nowhere around so go ahead get it out of your system. That guy's cute.
But I'm unemployed, my music is all I really have now. Well music, and making my own shoes. Pretty, huh?
No! No! I'm talking you up to people. Just give it a little time, all right? Relax, get something to eat! Okay?
Well, Susan, I see what appears to be a dark vent. Wait. Yes, it is in fact a dark vent.
You know, if you tilt your head to the left, and relax your eyes, it kinda looks like an old potato.
Yeah, look I was with my friend downstairs and we hear everything up here that you do, and I am sick and tired... .
No I'm not. No! If anything I'm making you look better! They'll see you talking to me and that's--I'm a hit!
Okay. I'd- just- I'd never be able to enjoy it. It would be like this giant karmic debt.
Well y'know every time that they say that like they're doing laundry we'll just give them a bunch of laundry to do.
Because I'm normal! That was the one legacy my grandmother left me, and I know you wanted it as an engagement present.
Oh, oh, but y'know, you always see these really beautiful women with these really nothing guys, you could be one of those guys.
Yeah, you are, Monica. Remember when I lived with you? You were like, a little, y'know, Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree!
Well, and you know, it really is a testament to how he was raised. Especially to you. Because he's very respectful of women.
What? Did you go to a costume party? Let me guess umm Pancho Vila? and you're Bob Saget.
It's not even that. I used to do my songs because it made me happy, but now it's like, it's just all about the money.
Oh my God, he's not even appreciated in his own time. I would give anything to not be appreciated in my own time!
Fine all right, but I'd bet you'd be singing another tune if we were fighting over a ratchet.
"Good-bye Phoebe and Ursula. I'll miss you. P.S. Your Mom lives in Montauk." You just wrote this!
Ohhh, I wanna come over there and give you a hug and wish you luck on your wedding, but I don't-can't get up.
I don't know why I was so nervous about this. And I don't know why Frank and Alice are always complaining. This is so easy.
Please, right now, no, every time I see him it's like 'Is it on the lose?' 'Is it watching me?'
I'm sorry, okay, I-I wasn't looking, and the store says that they won't take it back because you signed for it...
Oh, they see us! Oh, they, they look mad. Oh, they figured it out. They're coming this way. Run!
Oh my god, Frank, are you thinking of leaving? Because I didn't have those triplets so you could just run out on them!
Oh, hi, Mrs. Waltham. I need to speak with ether one of the best men, or Ross's sister Monica.
You guys kissed!!!!! What does this mean?!! Are you, are you getting back together?! Can I sing at your wedding?
Yea. Can I please, please, please talk to one of the best men? This is going to be the last time I promise.
Uh, well I can tell you why. It's, it's because of me. But, y'know what, I only did it because I love you. Okay?
Now you will not believe this. But, I was in the copy room, making copies, and Ralph Lauren came in.
Yeah! And until then you are going to sing to me because the radio's broken and you are selfish but have a nice voice.
I don't know. I don't know. I can't lie to him again. Oh no I-no! I'm just gonna press my breasts up against him.
That's right! Oh, yeah... Well, I've totally forgotten about im! AH! That's-That's... a blast from the past!
What? What are you just gonna walk up to her at the gate? Have you never chased anyone through the airport before?
Yeah ok, well at least I didn't let some guy into the forest of my righteous truth on the first date.
As a matter of fact she said that's how I am going to die. So, excuse me for being a little skittish.
"Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking!
And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... Oh, I am scary.
Oh my god. This is huge. This is bigger than huge. This is like, all right, what's bigger than huge?
Come on, you guys, you have nothing to lose, I have everything to lose. Do you want me to lose everything? Everything?!
Does it matter? You're ultimately just gonna die or get divorced or have to blow your pets head off.
You guys, um I know that this really doesn't have anything to do with me, but um I love you guys too. Oh, I really needed that.
Oui, bien sur je parle Francais! Qu'est-ce que tu penses alors?
'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that this is an evil blood sucking corporate machine!
It's okay, I mean she had a really incredible life. And it's not like I'm never gonna see her again, y'know she's gonna visit.
Really?! I looked into that. Yeah, but, I mean it costs like $60,000 and y'know you can die. And, you would die!
Uhuh... Yeah...!, you know. And given my life long search for irony, you can imagine how happy I am.
Umm, sympathy pains. I thought it was really sweet at first, but now I think he's just trying to steal my thunder.
Oh my God! No! Shoo! Kitty! No! No-no-no! Shoo! Come on, you! Come on. Crazy. Oh my God.
Well, a pipe was my weapon of choice and, uhm, pre-teen comic book nerds were my meat.
Oh, I would love to have kids. . . you're, you're the, you're, me play the songs that I will write for them.
Excuse me, excuse me! Yeah, noisy boys! Is it something that you would like to share with the entire group?
My sticky shoes, my sticky-sticky shoes, why do you stick on me, ba-a-by! Thanks for the lights honey.
Okay. Would you rather live in the shirt pocket of a sweaty giant, or inside his shower drain?
Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're such a high maintenance tight ass!
'Cause he was creepy, and mean, and a little frightening... alright, still, it's nice to have a date on Valentine's Day!
Or, or, y'know, um, 'I think we should see other people' means 'Ha, ha, I already am'.
Not personal, really, well they said that they never met an Italian actor with a worse Italian accent.
You bought your sheets at a flea market? Ross come on, you gotta loosen the purse strings a little.
But look Chandler, right now, no one has a lower opinion of you than I do. But I totally believe you can do this.
I'm really glad you guys are okay but, I just keep thinking what would happen if-if you two actually had hooked up.
Ok, I just wanna be really sure this time. Andie McDowell's the girl from Four Weddings and a Funeral, right?
Oh... No, I did that for someone once and I'm not comfortable having that kind of power and control over someone's life.
Okay, well y'know what, don't worry you guys, 'cause I'm-I'm gonna do this as many times as it takes to get it right.
It's a trip for two! Excuse me. Excuse me, is the person who won the Paris trip at this table?
It's really crazy! The hall, the dress, the food... I-I had no idea how expensive this stuff was!
I need to change my name, please. See, I need to change it because I'm-I'm hiding from the law. You're fun.
Hey Rach, wanna hear the new song I'm thinkin' of singing this afternoon? I wrote it this morning in the shower.
Wait-wait-wait-wait! So, explain something to me though, if, if nobody tagged Rachel, then isn't the play still going.
That's okay. All right, I'm gonna play song that's really, really sad. It's called Magician Box Mix Up.
Ok, question number 28, have you ever allowed a lighning bearer to take your wind? I would have to say no.
Y'know Monica you had a minor setback in your relationship with Chandler. Big deal! It's only Chandler. I am so sorry.
Aren't you gonna answer her, that's like the tenth bing-bong message she sent. She wants to know what's wrong?
Oh, ok. I see what you're doing, that's fine. This is all there is, just tea, uh, ok. Hmmmm... raunchy!
Ooh, what happened? Joey all nervous and looking down and fiddling with his ear: Oh.. My sister's raccoon.
Oh! What's the matter? Are you scared? You're afraid I'm a better singer? You're afraid I'm gonna beat you at singing?
Don't you see? Everyone's looking at me! The plan's working! I didn't even have to take off my top yet!
And if that guy at the charity gives us a hard time, my friend hasn't shot anyone in a really long time.
Joey and my friend were out last night and having dinner and she reaches over and takes a few of his fries...
Yeah, did she sound happy about it? 'Cause my friend Ethel's baby was born with a teeny, tiny beard.
Ok, you can do this. It's just like pulling off a Band-aid. Just do it really fast, and then the wound is exposed.
You got it! Ok. But not on the wine that you made, ok, because I just don't want to go back to the Emergency Room.
All right. Now some of you are gonna get cut, and some of you aren't. But I promise none of you are gonna feel a thing.
Well, like acoustic folksy stuff. You know? But right now I'm working on a couple 'Iron Maiden' covers.
Okay. Good-bye, little monkey guy. Alright, I wrote you this poem. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you get on the plane.
I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
Yeah! Now, how would you feel if we gave all the wedding money to charity and we just got married at City Hall?
Cut her out of our lives! Just ignore her calls and dodge her 'till she gets the point!
Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch!
Yeah, but they didn't ask me! Y'know? This way I'm just y'know, the exotic, generous stranger. That's always fun to be.
David the scientist guy, David that I was in love with, David who went to Russia and broke my heart David!
Well, yeah. Y'know, we were best friends, ever since we were little, our Moms worked on the barge together.
Oh no, no, no. I learned never to borrow money from friends. No, that's why Richard Dreyfuss and I don't speak anymore.
Roll playing... You could be the warden; she could be the prisoner. You could be the pirate; she could be the wench!
Oh! David, get one for us too! Oh, oh, and see if they have a heart-shaped one! And with mirrors on the ceiling!
Well, it's this guy I used to massage. And by massage, I mean hold down so he wouldn't turn over and flash me.
Ok, ok, you start preparing the formula and I start changing the box and then we gotta put them straight to bed.
I know it's kind of weird, but I mean, she was a big part of my life there, you know, and now I just feel kind of alone.
There was a pregnancy test in the garbage, and it's positive. Monica's pregnant. So I guess she won't be totally alone.
Oh, hey, hey Nick the boxer let's see what you got. All right ya, put 'em up. Come on.
Are you kidding? I'm like the one who talked him into it. I like to think of myself as the puppet master of the group.
Umm, the street. Come on, let's go to the street. Ooh, listen, don't go onto the balcony until after I get back.
Ross, Rachel doesn't know that you wanna get back together. If she did, she might feel differently. She might not even go.
'Hi, I have Phoebe Buffay returning a page. Okay, well, um, she's in her car I'll have to patch you through.'
No, we can go together! Just don't wait too long though, okay? 'Cause I'm outta here sometime before Friday.
Personal shopping? What is that? Like where you walk around with snooty rich people and tell them what to buy?
Oh, I don't wanna choose! It's . Oh okay, wait. Rach! Listen I have a very special bridesmaid task for you today.
Now OK, I haven't seen it yet so, if you don't like it, well, so what, none of you ever made a video. OK.
That's so funny to think if you'd just done that right after the last contest, no one would have had to move at all.
Shh. In a minute, I'm gonna create a diversion. When I do, walk quickly to the door and don't look back.
Wh.. what? No wait, you don't get to leave! I've got a massage client waiting outside my door any minute!
So go fix it! Go find Chandler! He's probably up in your room! Tell him that you're sorry and that you love him.
Well, there's a spot open for only one groomsman and you have to choose between Ross and Chandler. So good luck with that.
Oh, that's Sarah. No, no. Don't you get any ideas, ok? No, I'm not setting you up with any more of my friends!
Ooh! That's Good! Wow! But Now If You Were Pregnant, What Would You Name It? Hint Phoebe.
Found the vest! I mean we're gonna have to keep an eye on it, y'know make sure we don't lose it again...
Well, Vince is great, y'know `cause, he's like a guy, guy. Y'know? He's so burly, he's sooo very burly.
Oh, it's bad. It's really bad. The only thing in there that isn't burned is an ass. Which I do not remember buying!
Yeah but, Mischa is so interested in you, that Sergei and I haven't been able to say two words to each other.
Okay, first of all, breathe. Second of all, I don't get it. Aren't you the one that decided that you didn't want to be with Ross?
More bandages! More bandages! Please, can I get some more bandages in here! This man is dying- Oh no.
Yeah, just, okay, look I'm going. Um, come on. Op, op, behind the pillar, which way am I gonna go?
No, as soon as something opens up we'll move right in. Unless it doesn't have a pool, I need a pool.
Well umm, okay we were in the market and she bent down to get some yogurt and she just never came back up again.
Bye. Wow. So, that's great. You, Bill, Ross, and Emma are going to be so happy together. What were you thinking?
That fan kinda looks like ours. And the birdcage and the...wait a sec! This is our exact living room!
It was an accident, and, and the woman who did this would never ever hurt a dog on purpose. She's a vegetarian.
No, of course not! I also, you know, prepared a reading . "Sex and the single mother. Finding your G-spot.
Plus, it totally ruined my schedule! I...I haven't done any of the things I wanted to do by the time I was 31!
I can't believe that! Now the only thing left of my grandmother's legacy is this crumb. I wish you a long and happy marriage.
Just pretend they're not even here! It's OK Monica, when that spotlight hits you it so bright you won't see anyoneanyway.
But it's just so unfair that our date has to get cut short just 'cause some guy shot at a store clerk.
Five minutes ago, a line like that would've floored me. Now nothing. Well, not nothing, I am still a woman.
Okay, I wanna be sexy again so I'm trying to catch a cold. It should be easy, supposedly they're pretty common.
No! We're gonna do it my way. Because your way is stupid! Alright I gotta go, I have another call, Reverend. Hello?
I don't believe this. Is this how this relationship's gonna work? Ross equals boss. I mean, c'mon what is this, 1922?
Why don't you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little skits. Whatever you want.
Ok, ok, she's taking the trash out so I can get you out of here but it has to be now, she'll be back any minute.
I know, I know, and I was gonna get it but then he came in with this needle and uh, di-, did you know they do this with needles?
Oh okay. Umm, all right. Hi, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please?
Oh hey you guys, I couldn't get a reservation for the night of my birthday, so we have to do dinner Thursday night instead.
No. I'm sorry. It's just 'cause I couldn't be there. 'Cause all I ever get to do now is pregnant stuff, it just bums me out.
Happy Holidays. Feliz Navidad. Allo, and Merry Christmas. Ohh thank you sir. Here's some joy.
No-no-no, I know, but you and I are different people though, and this is a totally different situation, and I know that I am not gonna regret this.
Yeah, thanks. And listen, can you do me a favor? Could you just umm, wake me up in a couple hours, y'know if you can.
"Whenever I get married, guess who won't get to sing? Somebody named Geller! And somebody else named Bing!"
"Hi, it's me, I'm coming over now. Hey, what if I'm already there when your playing this message?" Is that too spooky?
Well okay, it's already February and I've only given two massages and they were both the worst tippers in the world!
Well, that's not good. But you know, I can move some stuff around, and I'll be there. You and Alice just take the whole day together.
Monica, I really appreciate you checking in on me, but I'm actually feeling a lot better. Yeah, I just kinda want to be alone right now.
Uh-huh, let's go. Oh, wait I have gum. Okay. Good, very good, firm but tender. I'd recommend you to a friend.
No, you can't go there! You know how I feel about these "big massage places"! They're putting people like me out of business!
Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad when they read this?
Oh, David, I, I think you are a sweeping sorta fella. I mean, you're a sweeper! ...trapped inside a physicist's body.
Earl, you're not hearing me! All I'm saying is that you're not alone all right? Everybody hates the people they work with!
No that's not true. If you're not moving forward, you're just staying still. And staying still is good. Watch this.
Hey. Guess what! My landlord just called and my apartment is gonna get ready soon, so I guess I'll be moving out.
Ah! Well! There you go! Last to know again! And I'm guessing... since nobody told me... this is Paolo.
Well, one of you has to take the first step! And it should be you, because she's the one who's leaving. It's harder for her!
Now if you want to receive e-mails about my upcoming shows, then please give me money so I can buy a computer.
Ok. Do we have to talk like that then they're not around? Oh, no, no! Listen, is there someone who can fill in for me?
Yeah, my mom used to put her head in the oven. Well, actually, she only did it the one time. But it was pretty weird.
I hate my regular clothes now! Y'know? I look down and-and I know that this isn't gonna be the most special day of my life.
But if-no look, okay. These jerks might not care about you, but the universe does! And that says a lot!
Oh, yeah. Aw, remember the days when you used to go out to the barn, lift up your shirt, and bend over?
Check it out! Cup hat! Cup banner! Cup chandelier! And the thing that started it all, the cup!
You're the cook! With out you it's just me driving up to people's houses with empty trays and asking for money!
Oh, okay... good. You do that. And then when you get home, maybe there'll be a special delivery package waiting for you.
Fine! Okay, all right, so Jane Eyre, first of all, you'd think she's a woman, but she's not. She's a cyborg.
Oh, if that's what you want you then you really should run his head under hot water and bang his head against a table.
Hi! Oh, Alice, hi! Thanks. I'm so glad you could come, 'cause I've got a real umm, Home Ec emergency.
Um, well, get over it. So, I mean you, you just seem to be a really nice guy, you know. Don't be so hard on yourself okay.
Yeah but the Swing Kings? Y'know they suck so much that people actually die at their concerts-They just stop living.
Ah, yeah, he's so adorable, God, he's just so much fun, Joey is the best, I'm glad you're having so much fun here.
Ooh! Ooh! And I brought Operation! But, um, I lost the tweezers, so we can't operate. But we can prep the guy!
Your boobs are fine. Look, I never should have said anything. Come here. Come here. Oh, can't make.... hands... meet....
I don't know how to say this, but I think when your wife's spirit left her body, it um, kind of stuck around in me.
No, I mean, I mean, when you're at the fifteenth date, y'know, you're already in a very relationshippy place. Y'know, it's... you're committed.
Oh, this is terrible. Oh, they've made so many changes I can't even feel my grandmother's presence anymore-Ooh! New sconces!
Well, it helps the bee look tough in front of his bee friends. The bee is happy and I am definitely not.
.and I said Vicrum you can't just call every time you get lonely you know, you, you gave up that right when you slept with Rachel.
Okay umm, well, first Chandler and Monica will get married and be filthy rich by the way. Yeah. But it won't work out.
Wait a minute. Dr. Drake Ramoray and I work at the same hospital. Wouldn't I come over to say hi to him?
Yeah, but at what cost? Six more months, three meals a day, I'm gonna eat like, y'know millions of cows.
Oh my God! I killed him! I killed another one! And this curse is getting stronger too, to bring down something that big.
Yeah, well I had to learn, I was staying at the Y and some off the young men weren't acting Christian enough.
Okay, whatever. Y'know what? I don't have time have time to convince you because he's only here for four hours, and I'm gonna go see him!
It's a little coincidental, but believable. . Listen, I'm sure you're wondering why I didn't get you an audition for that TV movie.
Well the doctor says it takes a couple days, but my body's always been a little faster than Western medicine.
So umm, now do you have any of Matt Lauer's clothes here? Maybe? Just ones that haven't been cleaned yet?
Oh, oh, OK, so everyone, pretend like I'm telling you a story, OK. And, and it's really funny. So everyone just laugh, now.
No. You are the boss of you. Now you march your heinie in there and get that heart tattooed on your hip. GO!!
Yeah, I know because you have all the good words. What do I get? I get "it's," "and" oh I'm sorry, I have "A." Forget it.
It's, I mean, it's nothing, I'm fine. It's my friends. They-they have a liking problem with you. In that, um, they don't.
But you-you can't leave me with them! We-we're a team! We're playing a zone! They're gonna triple team me!
Ok. Oh good, I'm dating a Russian cab driver. . Seriously does anyone buy this? I smell like beets!
Oh, I know a way that you can decide! All right, I'm going to ask you a series of questions and you answer as quickly as you can.
Oh, come on! I think he's ready to get rid of, what did you call it? The cheap knock-offs and dinosaur junk.
Now... "Who will perform the ceremony! Who will perform the cer--Oh-oh! All right, I'll pound on him in the morning.
Hey you guys! Ok, you're not going to believe this! I just saw my psychic and she said I was definitely gonna win the lottery tonight!
oh I dunno I dunno, you know I mean I like him but am I ready to take my grade a loins off the meat market.
I understand. Yeah. Ok so then ok, so we're both living in New York, not seeing anyone. That's so not like us!
Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel-Oh no!
Wait!! Where are you going?! What are you doing?! No!! Wait!! God!! Why am I always pregnant when she does that?!
Hi, it's Phoebe. Listen someone's gonna have to take my 9:00 with Mr. Rehack, 'cause it's like 9:15 now, and I'm not there.
Hey. What a day. I took her everywhere. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller Center, Statue of Liberty.
It's for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight, because one of us gonna have to start flirting.
Ross, you're being ridiculous! Okay? You are cute and smart and sweet and that is much more important than three stupid divorces!
So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide, and one about a snowman.
No-no, oh, I'm fine with the age thing y'know, until it starts sticking it's tongue down my little brother's throat!
You're just saying that because you're my biggest fan. Joey listen, take good care of that guy, okay? He's a fan. Bye!
Hey, you guys, listen, this weekend we're all gonna go to Las Vegas to surprise Joey! Including me!! You wanna go?!
Okay pepperoni, pepperoni, pepperoni, okay Ross, I know she's pretty and you love her, but is she stupid?! She forgot my vegetarian!
Okay, you have 19 questions left. Use them wisely. Come on Joey! You can't win if you don't ask any QUESTIONS!!!
Yeah, I agree. Ya know, I think fancy parties are only fun if you're fancy on the inside and I'm just not sure we are.
Yes. Yes. Yes. I can't believe it! The baby wants bologna! Maybe he wants me to eat meat? I can't eat meat!
Ross, it's not that big a deal! So you'll been divorced three times, you'll still have a life, you'll go on dates...
All right, there are no questions in the happy place. Okay, just, the warm breeze, and the moonlight flowing through the trees....
No! It's a great time, come in...! WOW, hi... Oh my gosh! What are you doing here? Are you back from Minsk?
Oh, good, good, you guys are here! Listen, how would like to spend tomorrow taking care of three incredibly cute little puppies?!
No, I know, this way when I go to the party later Mike will know I am over him cause I'm gonna smell like another guy. Yeah.
Well, you know, if you want fashion help, Rachel and I are going shopping tomorrow. You're more than welcome to come with us, right?
Y'know, birds have a very good sense of direction, and I thought maybe they could help us find where the presents are hidden.
You are useless! Freaking out about commitment is the one thing you can do! The one thing! And you can't even do that right! God!
Joey, listen. I can't do this, it doesn't make any sense. Yesterday I was a nurse, and today I'm a waitress at a cafe?
Rachel, it's okay. You don't have to do this. I believe you. All right? Okay, if-if you say that you kissed Melissa, then you kissed Melissa.
Okay, so I totally took care of the babies all by myself! I fed 'em, bathed 'em, and put 'em to bed.
Three months? Okay... This is probably none of my business, but uhm, how long do you think you're gonna keep seeing her?
Yeah, otherwise, I mean that's, that's, that's just it for us hanging out together. Y'know is that what you want? Can you be civil?
Please, don't play the music. Just uh one more. LIVE FROM NEW YORK! IT'S SATURDAY NIGHT!!
No! No! It's-it's uh a real thing! Anyone can get ordained on the Internet and perform like weddings and stuff!
No! Hey, we're not leaving until we get paid! I don't know who she thinks she is! Enough is enough! Hey, widow?
Yeah, that was Leslie calling again to see if we can get back together. That's the twentieth time today! And good luck Leslie!
But they don't see all the wonderfulness that I see. They don't see all the good stuff and all the sweet stuff. They just think you're a little...
You remember her from my birthday party two years ago. She's yeah, like, average height, medium build, bald...
Oh, I should go, too. Oh, now... tomorrow do you guys wanna share a cab to the airport or should Mike and I just meet you there.
Well, our plan is working. Rachel is having a miserable time, and Ross is just stood up somewhere at a restaurant all alone.
Okay, but, well, before you say no, my friend Susanne is entering her kid and compared to Emma she's a real dog!
Oh, OK, so then what is it? Some kind of... you know, like, like... some kind of, y'know, like... alright, what is it?
I remember the day I got my first pay check. There was a cave in in one of the mines, and eight people were killed.
Y'know you, you just stop being such a wuss and get those off and you come with us and watch naked girls dance around!!
You know what? Maybe once they start dating, and they see what's out there, they'll realise how good they are for each other.
It was right after we were living together and you were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and shrill.
Well, c'mon, if it's important enough to discuss while I'm playing, then I assume it's important enough for everyone else to hear!
Y'know what you should send him? A cartoon of cigarettes. 'Cause that why he could trade it for protection. No. That's prison.
Okay, I can't believe that Monica and Chandler are getting married. I remember talking about this day with Rachel while we were showering together, naked.
Oh alright, stop, STOP THE MADNESS. This is crazy. Who can even remember why this even started in the first place?
YOU'RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND YOU'RE AMAZING IN BED IT'S OUR ANNIVERSARY!
Well-But-Now, if-if you can achieve positronic distillation of sub-atomic particles y'know before he does, then he can come back.
Yeah. I guess she hasn't seen everything yet. I'll be right back, she has to go to the bathroom again. Oh, such a pretty face.
Rachel, didn't have anything that I liked, so, but she had this Christmas ribbon, and I thought, 'All right, fine I'll be political.'
I-I wanted to apologise if I-y'know seemed a tad edgy yesterday at my shower. Y'know it's just the hormones, y'know.
Yeah, no, Ralph doesn't look anything like that guy. He's-he's young and he's got long hair and a beard and a hacky sack.
I love you. But I never needed a proposal from you. I just needed to know that we were headed somewhere, you know, that we had a future.
I'm not gonna lie to you, Ross, it doesn't look good. I put a clip on one side, which seems to have stopped the curling.
Well, I-I thought a lot about what you said, and um, I realilized duh, all right maybe I was a little judgmental. Yeah, oh, but oh...
Ok, good! You guys were so scared! There was no way I was gonna dump this... Oh God, no! I think I broke your bowl.
Alright, so, can we turn this off? Can we just make it... make them go away? Because I cant, I cant watch.
Oh, well, it doesn't have a name-oh, okay, Phoebeball! No, it doesn't have a name. Umm, okay, Monica, what is your favourite thing about trees?
Well, you kind of just did. That guy is going to call you tonight. Ross is going to pick up the phone and that's a pretty clear message.
Well, I'm not proud of it, but, you know... sometimes when I was living on the street and I needed money for food and stuff I.
Well, we cannot tell Joey about this. He's already flipping out about everything that's changing. This will push him over the edge.
He says, that he would cremate my fur coat for free if I umm, y'know, bring in the next person I know who dies.
Wow! Oh my God, well if they've ripped off our table ours must be much more than one and fifty dollars!
Yeah, I know, he's sweet, but it's just not fun anymore, you know? I don't know if it's me, or his hunger strike, or, I don't know.
I-I mean I, well I think I can figure it out. I guess y'know I was born, and everyone started lying their asses off!
Thankfully you don't need me at all so Okay Super aunt see you later! Rachel let's give it six to eight months .
Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great!
Well, so, umm, anyway umm, I've been, I've been looking for my Father, and umm, have you heard from him, or seen him?
Well, maybe she didn't hear! Ok I'm gonna go into that dressing room, you stay in here and I'll talk and see if you can hear me.
Rachel is one of my closest friends. Although, being the only one who knows anything about this does makes me feel special. Okay!
Um, um. It's huge. Yeah, that's the moment, when-when, you know she stopped being a princess, and became, like, a woman, you know.
That's not why you're going! You're going because you hope he's gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."
Well, nobody wants a ghost. But you've got one, because the house is sitting on an ancient Indian burial ground.
Yeah. Except for, y'know when you're on a date and you're getting along really great but the guy's translator keeps getting in the way.
Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back . Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work...
Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me. I mean, you're like, you're like all chaotic and twirly. And not-not in a good way.
And a crusty old man said I'll do what I can and the rest of the rats played moroccas. That's it, thanks, good night.
What are you doing?!! Why are you defending him?! Just get me another doctor! One who is not crazy and who is not Fonzie!
Well no, when I get to the point where... you know... I'm ready to hear cruel mocking jokes about Mike... I'm gonna come to you.
That's okay. If - if we hit anything, the engine will explode, so you know, it's better if you're thrown from the car.
Yeah, you've... you know, sort of been like a dad to me. I mean, you've always, you know, looked out for me and shared your wisdom...
Umm, Wethering Heights. I'm taking a literature class at the New School and I have to finish it for the first session tomorrow.
I can't believe I never realized this before, I'm in my thirty's and never been in a long-term relationship oh my god what's wrong with me.
No, I know, I know, that this is Frank's life, y'know. Y'know, I don't want to be all judgmental, y'know, but this is sick, it's sick and wrong!
Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won't be needing a veil, I actually won't be wearing a dress at all!
Ohh, they're having a great time with their Aunt Phoebe! Aunt Rachel hasn't been helpful at all. So, do you miss me?
"We thought Phoebe would leave, but she just stayed and stayed. That's right, I'm here all night, and Chandler will never get l..."
Monica and Chandler said that you were having so much fun here. And apparently no amount of drums or tarantulas is gonna change that.
No, okay, you're right. You're easy-going. You're just not as easy-going as Rachel. She's just more flexible and-and mellow. That's all.
All right, fine, fine, but if you're my next victim, don't come back as a poltergeist and like suck me into the TV set.
All better! Back to work! Except this clown from research told me I was fired. He should do his research, huh?
Oh my God! So was she! And! Get this, okay? Your-your name is Earl, right? Her name was Pearl, P-Earl.
...My mother's ashes Even her eyelashes Are resting in a little yellow jar, And sometimes when it's breezy...
Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the pizza- Hey, that's not for you, bitch!
Come on, you saw the way he ran out of here! What do you think? He's gonna stick around and talk to the daughter he abandoned!
All right. I'm gonna go to the fertility doctor and um, see if I'm ready to have Frank and Alice's embryo transferred into my uterus.
Yeah, but, ah, ah, nothing has to happen. We're just having fun. You know, not everything had to go as far as "eye-contact."
I-I'm sorry it wasn't one of those movies with, like, y'know, guns and bombs and, like, buses going really fast...
Wow! This reminds me of the time when I was umm, living on the street and this guy offered to buy me food if I slept with him.
No, I know! I-I'm sorry, but the moment I touch him, I just wanna throw out my old oath and take a new, dirty one.
...and I-I can't take it! Y'know? I'm just, always afraid one of them is gonna catch me with the other one. It's making me crazy.
I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find, is the wonders I've found ever since...
No, no, because, you know, he's been in Minsk for 8 years and if he gets too much direct sunlight, he'll die.
Okay, well if I was in this for the money, I'd be a millionaire by now, y'know. You just got to get out of that jingle head sweetie.
Yeah... ooh... wow... Even started to think I'd never meet someone that, you know, I wanted to... do this with. Here you go.
Well alright, looks like you guys have got it under control so I'm just gonna go. No! Really? Misery really does love company. All right!
No. It's all right; it's probably false labour. They said that, that can happen near the end, just somebody get the book.
Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it's like impossible to get her something she likes. Come on, let's trade!
Hurry! Monica's gonna make you pack! She's got jobs for everyone! Now, it's too late for me, but save your selves!
Right. My name was on there, but now it just says "carrot cake". So, um, so um, how many chords do you know?
Well, oh, ok now... Only one of us has to stay with Emma. Ok, and as the person who realized that, I get to go!
I'm, uhh, making up flyers trying to get new massage clients. So, can I come to Bloomingdale's and use the copy machine.
Okay. We are at a rest stop on Route 27. Okay. There is no Route 27. Okay, either 93 or 76?
Oh okay. How about the whole "man walking on the moon" thing. You know? You. you could. You could see the strings people!
No. No. It's just I was umm, I was with Ross and Jill after you left and umm, I'm pretty sure I saw a little spark between them.
Alright, nothing is worth this. Uhm, I have a confession to make... uhm, okay, you know, that girl that mugged you when you were a kid.
Oh, you're a paleonthologist, too! Oh, ok, now, what do you think of Ranion's new theory of species' variegation in segmented arthopods?
Okay, I would ring the bell to distract him and then I would knock the gun out of his hand with a Chinese throwing star.
And did you notice the ice? Look! We have it all! We have crushed! Cubed! And dry! Watch! Ahhh! Mystical!
Well, no, no, wait, wait, wait. All right, I gotta go. Just listen. Promise me, that you will wait a minute before you call her.
Ooh, so this is great! Rachel's gonna have a terrible date, Ross gets stood up, and then they'll realise how good they have it together.
Listen, I feel really badly about yesterday and I thought about it a lot and, and I know, I was too impatient. SO lets try it again.
Shh! Doogie, shh! Doesn't anybody understand that I'm gonna be having babies soon? Huh? Go! Go little boy, go!
Talk about crap. Try listening to Stella Niedman tell the story of her and Rod Steiger for the hundredth time.
Let's go! Come on! Move it! Come on! Shoes! Briefcase! Thanks Lou, good luck with the gall bladder.
I know but he call's and my heart goes to him. You know that bastard is one smooth talking free lance kite designer.
Will he know what this is in reference to? And he has your number? All right, I'll see that he gets the message. Bye bye.
Hey Joey, I just wanted to let you know that I found a selfless good deed. I just went down to the park and I let a bee sting me.
Wow! Five-month maternity leave, you're back for four days, kiss a co-worker, call in sick, they are lucky to have you!!
No Chandler, they can swallow one of those little parts! And also, look at his smooth area, that's just gonna mess them up.
Are you kidding. He is so considerate of my feelings and... you know I think... you'd also like to know that he is a very gentle lover.
Y'know, if you want, you can call her machine, and if she has a lot of beeps, that means she probably didn't get her messages yet.
OK. Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat Oh woah, oh my God. I mean like, who was that?
Oh, yeah! You like 'em? I just, I went to a used clothes store and got a bunch of maternity stuff. These are sooo comfortable!
Look kibbles, bits. Oh God, alright, get the hell off my leg you yippity piece of crap. Ok, alright, we have a problem.
Yeah and yeah, and it would probably be better than the last telephone job I had. Y'know, I probably wouldn't have to say spank as much.
: Yeah, um... You know you, you should just forget about what I said under the bridge, I was talkin' crazy that night, I was so drunk!
But that woman can't know I work here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how awful this massage chains are.
Well, on the bright side, now you won't have to see all these paleontologists with their shirts off. Not you guys. You got it going on!
Most people don't like their jobs, I love my job! I have not been working for three hours and I'm already going crazy. I miss Joan.
Yeah, but Monica, do you actually want to be in a relationship where you can actually use the phrase, "That's not how your dad used to do it."
Wait a minute, no, this is, this is the reason you brought me. Okay? I know how to haggle. So let me handle this from here on out.
Well, we don't n-n-n-n-need a fireman, we'd, we'd like a good mechanic. Oh my God, here they come! Well, we gotta get out of here!
Nobody! Nobody respects the bucket! You wouldn't believe what people put in here! Look! Okay, does this look like a garbage can to you?
Oh no, no, no, no... That's okay, that's okay... I mean, I'm... I am a vegetarian... except for veal... Yeah no, veal I love...
Oh no, I am mad at you. I know that much. But, I am sorry about the fat ass thing. You actually have a very sweet little hiney.
Yeah. Oh, I know what we can do. We could set Ross and Rachel up on horrible dates, so that they'll realise how good they are together.
Uhh, I can't stop thinking about it. It's just so hard. I just wanna grab all these houses and rub 'em all over my body.
Well, Ross does. What... You're - you're ruining the plan! Joey, you've - you've fixed him up with his perfect woman!
They found their bodies the very next day, they found their bodies the very next... la la la la la la.
My mom's gonna be here any minute. I can't do this, I can't give him up. Yes-no, I can. I don't want to. But I can. No.
Happy Chanukah, Monica! May your Christmas be snowy, Joey! Happy New Year, Chandler and Ross. Spin the draddle, Rachel!
That is correct! Yes, you're supposed to take all of that stuff and put it in a little box in your mind and then lock it up tight.
Yeah, but this isn't the face of a person who trusts a person. Ok, this is the face of a person who, you know, doesn't trust a person.
I have a date with this diplomat I met while I was giving free massages outside the UN and, I don't know where his country is.
Yeah! Y'know, we were really huge too, but then they had to shut us down when Regina Philange died of alcohol poisoning.
Yeah, umm that's Whitney , Kyle's ex-wife out there, now do you think that you can y'know divert her so that we can slip out?
Oh my god. Now I've seen everything! Whoa, she's gone. She's gone. She's gone! Go ahead, get married. Go, go.
Hi! Oh, yeah, no, I know. You're a chef. I know, and I thought of you first, but um, Chandler's the one who needs a job right now, so....
Yes! I do! All the time! I love them! Oh my God! I did it! It's me! It's me! I burned down the house! I burned down the house!
No I'm not okay. The only guy I've ever been crazy about has gone to Minsk and I may never...I may never see him again.
Ugh, okay, I have an enormous crush on you. But because you're a client, I can't ask you out, even though you give me y'know, the feeling.
Well, y'know I may have relatives in France who would know. My grandmother said she got the recipe from her grandmother, Nesele Tolouse.
Y'know it doesn't matter how much I'm craving it. Y'know why I'm never gonna eat meat? Because it's murder, cold blooded murder.
Mmmmmm! Everything smells so delicious! You know, I can't remember a time I smelt such a delicious combination of of, OK, smells.
Fine! I'll do it without you! I don't need you or anybody else! I'm gonna make it on my own! You'll see!! You'll all see!!
You are unbelievable! I spent so much time finding the perfect girl for you, you know. Mary Ellen is really smart and cute and loose.
Well, I mean, I'm not married married, ya know, he's just a friend and he's gay and he's just from Canada and he just needed a green card.
I'm just saying that only a man completely secure with his masculinity could walk around in women's underwear! I don't think you could ever do that.
Uhm... You know, once we're in the air and the captain turns off the seatbelt sign... you feel free to roam about my cabin...
Well, I think that shirt makes you look like you should work at a Baskin Robbins... Anyway... Hey, isn't Joey's agent Estelle Leonard?
Sure! Look, ok, bottom line: I love Mike... David! David. I love David. Don't look at me that way, Roseanne Rosannadanna!
That-It's not the same thing! This is totally different! This is with David! Remember David, the scientist guy? Okay, he's very special to me.
But no, because a doctor won't be able to help him, it's just gonna y'know naturally pass through his system in like seven years.
'Cause my, my grandmother's never had chicken pox. Please, please tell me you have, 'cause oh my God, I forgot how cute you are.
Dead. Oh, it's OK, no, he was old, yeah! And he lived a full life, he was in the first wave at Omaha Beach.
Alright, okay, so we can all go now. That is fun. Hey, you know what? We all haven't been together the six of us in such a long time.
By the time anyone's figured out what we've done, we'll be in sunny Mexico. Oh, wait, that's the end of a different plan.
Uh huh, what is happening to the world? I mean, no no no, 'cause ET leaves, and and Rocky loses, Charlotte dies.
Cups and ice? Ooh, I get to be in charge of cups and ice? All right. Fine, okay, I will be in charge of cups and ice!
Oh no! Wait! Wait! Okay, y'know what, you were right, you were right. We really weren't great at being guys, but you know why? Because we're girls.
Well... but David, just... I just want you to know that... that... you know... telling you this... is one of the hardest things I've ever had to do.
Yeah. That's what you really want. Yeah, I don't want to be the reason you're unhappy, that would just make me unhappy, and I really don't want to be the reason I'm unhappy.
Well, if you're having a hard time, you should talk to my friends, Bill and Colleen. They adopted a kid. I'm sure they'd help you.
Don't take that tone with me. Who you think you are? Alan Lemond, the first black man to fly solo across the Atlantic?
The Licorice Room, you can eat all the furniture. And, when guests come over, they can stay on the tootsie roll-away bed.
Ok, ok, ok. Ooh, hey 'new doc on the block, Days of Our Lives' Joey Tribbiani.' Ooh, cool picture.
Well, it's not okay, because I gave a very memorable performance as the nurse. And now suddenly I'm the waitress? That's gonna confuse my fans.
Right, oh yeah. Wow, oh, it looks like Ross is breaking up with her. Uff, I hope he lets her down easy. Let's go.
Alright, I'm sorry but these people needed me. They work hard all week, it's Saturday night, they deserve to have a little fun. Go.
Ooh! I know what you could make! I know! Oh, you should definitely make that thing... you know, with the stuff? You know, that thing... with the stuff...? OK, I don't know.
Well, they said that I had to think about it first, but what is there to think about? I'm gonna be giving them the greatest gift you can possibly give.
Ok, this is a typical lightning-bearer thing. Right there, it's like, um, 'Hello, who wants one of my fallic shaped man cakes?'
Ok, I talked to the vet, people are so nice upstate. Anyway, he said that the little fella's gonna be ok and I can pick him up tomorrow.
Or, y'know, I used to beg for money. Of course it helps if you've got y'know a little of this goin' on. Wow! I still have it!
Well my guy is spectacular. Okay? He's a massage client and one time umm, when he was on the table, I looked at it. And I mean all of it.
Come on you know what to do! You hire the first one! You don't hire an assistant because they're cute, you hire them because they're qualified.
But I don't think I can! it was ok to move in when I didn't know what was gonna happen, but I can't move in knowing that nothing is ever gonna happen.
No, no, no, we're not having a big reception, we took the money we were gonna spend on a wedding and we donate them to the children charity.
But, but this is my gig. This is where I play. My, my name is written out there in chalk. You know, you can't just erase chalk.
Ugh! I don't know Monica. It feels funny just being here. I mean if you buy a bed from Janice's ex-husband, that's like betraying Chandler.
Yeah, she turned you into this-this-this untrusting, crazy, jealous, sycophant. All right, so I don't know what sycophant means, but the rest is right.
My massage client, Arthur? His daughter called and said that some guy that worked for me gave him a really weird massage this afternoon.
Like okay I-I-I, I haven't met any Portuguese people! I, I haven't had the perfect kiss! And I haven't been to sniper's school!
Oh well, okay, hey, y'know how when you're umm, you're walking down the street and you see three people in a row, and you say, "Oh, that's nice?"
Oh no, it is forbidden! No-no, Mrs. Potter fires people for fooling around with clients. And it's against my oath as a masseuse.
Gauze! Gauze! I need to get some gauze in here! Can I please get some gauze in here! Whew! This is getting ridiculous uh!
Oh, hi Chandler. It's Phoebe. Uhm... I know that Monica is working today so... ...I was wondering if you want to come to the movies with me and Rachel.
Well, alright, we already tried feeding her, changing her, burping her, oh try this one! Go back in time and listen to Phoebe!
I don't know, I mean, he's a good person, and he can be really sweet, and in some ways I think he is so right for me, it's just... I hate that guy!
Yeah, last Saturday. Wow! She was the first black man to fly solo across the Atlantic. Oh, wait a minute, I read the wrong one.
Eh, Monica it, it feels so weird, y'know, Chandler's your friend... Oh! Oh my God! Aw, all right take this bed, you can make other friends.
So, I need to write some depressing stuff to go along with my new floozy voice, but nothing that sad has ever really happened to me.
Y'know I had a dream where Ross and Rachel were still together, they never broke up. And we were all just like hanging out, and everyone was happy....
What are you guys talking about, I loved it! It was soo moving. Oh, plus it's just, it's so different from the stuff you usually hear.
And how none of it matters when the people really love each other. And how people will believe anything you tell them as long as it's a compliment.
Well, I'm watching it for some friends who went out of town. Wait. Hello, my name is Clunkers. May I please stay with you nice people?
Noooo! Ok, maybe if we just break it down. Ok, let's try at one syllable at a time. Ok? So repeat after me. "je".
Okay. Hey, can you send somebody up and down 76 and check every rest stop, and, and also 93? Okay! Yeah, no they don't do that.
No!! No way! No! And stop using my name! And shame on you! And shame on all of you! You're disgusting! Especially you with that!
Ohh! All right! All right. Here's what we'll do, I'll get twice as drunk as Monica and then no one's will even notice her.
They give you away! There's just-there's just too much wisdom in there. Just put some tea bags on there for like 15 minutes.
Oooh! I have something you can do! I have this new massage client... Steve? Anyway, he's opening up a restaurant and he's looking for a head chef.
Like she's really mean, and she's over critical, and-and-No! She will paint a room a really bright color without even checking with you!
Really?! Oh that's so exciting! Thank you! Thanks Mon! Oh but Mon, if you touch my guitar again I'll have to pound on you for a little bit.
Oh, my first massage today is this incredibly gorgeous guy, and every time I see him I just want to do things to him that I'm not allowed to charge for.
Hi! Oh yeah, uh-huh, it's me. I saw you grab your running shoes this morning and sneak out. You lied so you could run by yourself.
Hey you guys! Chandler's coming and he says he has, like, this incredible news, so when he gets here, we could all act like, you know...
God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! Joey, you can't say anything!
Yeah. Ok, you don't have to believe me but um, can you think of any unfinished business she might have had, like any reason she'd be hanging around?
Oh God, this is turning into the worst wedding day ever! The bride is pregnant. The groom is missing. And I'm still holding this.
Oh Joey, we've heard the specials three times! Okay? There's prime rib, mahi mahi, and a very special lobster ravioli.
Well, okay, Mike's taking a shower, which by the way there's no law against. And then we're gonna grab some food, so if you want...
Ok, all right. We want to hear everything. Monica, get the wine and unplug the phone. Rachel, does this end well or do we need to get tissues?
Hey!! The charity's on fire! Help! Oh good! Thank you, I need that. Whoa! What is that?! It's nine o'clock in the morning!
Look, I, y'know, I don't mind taking it slow, I like him a lot, y'know he's really interesting and he's really sweet and why won't he give it up?
Grasp one of the linen strips by its 'easy grab tab' and pull it off in one quick pain free motion.
Yeah, yeah, first there was my aunt Mary, and then there was umm, John, my mailman, and then my, my cowboy friend 'Albino Bob'.
Oh, this is so nice. Alright I have to make a speech. I just wanna say that of all the guys that Monica has been with, and that is a lot, I like you the best.
And they were serving franks which is his first name minus the s at the end. And there was a rotisserie with spinning chicken.
All right, all right, so up until '92-93 he was very trusting, then '94 hit, Carol left him and bamn! Paranoid city!
Y'know it's funny, you'd think I'd be angry. I mean, you'd think I'd wanna rip his tiny little head off. Fortunately, I'm past it.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Ugly Naked Guy is decorating his tree. Oh my God, you should see the size of his Christmas Balls.
Oh, we're just... we're sad to go so we're just saying goodbye to the hotel. I love you... Paradise Hotel, Golf resort and Spa...
Ohh, I'm getting too pregnant for this, lugging around a stupid massage table. Y'know, I have to find a job where I carrying a smaller table.
I guess so, can I. can I think it's cool that you kiss me and also wanna kiss you again and umm, be a little concerned about the magic markers.
Yeah, what is that? Like, some kind of guy thing? Like, some kind of sexist guy thing? Like it's poker, so only guys can play?
I, I don't know what to say. I mean, you know, you're married to someone for six years and you think you know him and then one day says, 'Oh, I'm not gay.'
Yeah. Well, we called everyone in your phone book and bunch of people came, but it took us so long to get you here that they-they had to leave.
Yeah and oh, and but there's, there's wind and the wind can make us Goddesses. But you know who takes out wind? Men, they just take it.
Yeah, I-I can't-I mean y'know I was trying to be really y'know okay and upbeat about it, I just-I feel so dwarfed by your musical gift. I...
Okay, dime! You guys should probably keep talking; this could take a while. Oh no, wait! Look it! Whoa! Oh my God, this is a police badge!
Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? .
But they shouldn't happen, you know what, you're, you're in a terrible, terrible business. Oh God, I don't wanna be the person who makes your face look like that.
I can't ask him! Do you have any idea how inappropriate that would be?! All I'm saying is just talk to Frank. Okay? Just, y'know, feel him out!
Well, same thing we did all day, hang out at Gary's apartment. He is so amazing, we never left the bedroom. But have fun at the movie.
Okay but that's why you have to buy it, so it can fulfil it's Christmas destiny, otherwise there gonna throw it into the chipper. Tell him, Joey
Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good things for the rain-forest...And bigger boobs!
So far, it kinda blows. I don't know, I just thought y'know that he'd feel more like a brother y'know, like you and Ross, just like close and connected and....
I will find a selfless good deed! 'Cause I just gave birth to three children and I will not let them be raised in a world where Joey is right!
Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, always make me smile. Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, next time I'll.... avoid the..... pillleeeee.
Let's see. Oh my God! Oh... But no! No! You can't-you can't hire him, because that-it's not professional. Umm, this is for me yes? Thanks.
Coo, again. Don't blame the pretty lady. It was not her fault. It was me, the pigeon, coo! Seriously, stop staring at her.
Um, that's it. No. Hey! You! J. Crew guy. Yeah. Why have you been following me? I mean, all week long everywhere I look there's you.
No, no, no, no, no... It's not... it's not... i'ts not as bad as it looks... really. I was just saying goodbye to an old friend.
What is this obsessive need you have to make everyone agree with you? No, what's that all about? I think, I think maybe it's time you put Ross under the microscope.
I like this lily. It's more open, ya know, and that's like my mom. She had a more open, giving spirit. Ooh, Foghorn Leghorn, ooh.
Well, I'm ready to get the hell out of here! Oh. Are you? Are you?!! Ohh! That's so great!! Ooh, not for Bonnie. But for you, yay! Ohh.
I, I don't, I don't understand, how can you be straight? I mean, you're, you're so smart and funny and you throw such great Academy Award parties.
All right, wait! Just wait. Everybody just calm down. Okay? Let's give our friend Joey a chance to explain why he's such a big pervert!
Here, now I don't eat chicken, so it's just noodle soup. And there's no chicken in the broth either, so it's really just... noodle water.
Ok, this is not about the MONEY, ok? It's about... it's about corporate greed destroying our hearts and leaving us... the hollow shells.
All right, it seems pretty simple. Your first line is "My name is Claude", so, just repeat after me. "Je m'appelle Claude".
Aw, honey it's not your fault, y'know this is who you are, and I love you, and I want us to be friends, and if I keep living here I don't see that happening.
Hey, Frank. Look, okay, I know that you think I did like this totally evil thing, but I so didn't. There's someone here who can explain this better than I can.
Oh! And, he's the kinda guy who, when you're talking, he's listening, y'know, and not saying 'Yeah, I understand' but really wondering what you look like naked.
Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy! That-this milk is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was thirsty for milk, y'know. Okay, let's go!
Oh, it's my fault?! You didn't have to massage him! You could've sent him away! You could've not rolled Tonka trucks up and down his back!
I haven't exactly had a normal life and I never really felt I was missing out on anything but it just feels that now it's my turn some of the regular stuff.
If you hadn't just had a baby with my best friend I swear to Lucifer a raber dog would be feasting on your danglers RIGHT NOW!
Oh well, as long as it is under control, you know, you can't do anything about it, he's already dating her, and she is a nice person, that wouldn't be right.
Yeah! Or too, you could be two stockbrokers and you're-you're-you're rolling around naked on the trading floor and everybody's watching! It never happened.
All right, I'm gonna close my eyes and point to someone, and you, whoever I point has to come up with something fun for us to do, and we have to do it.
Joey, you can't make someone do something they don't want to do. Believe me, there's something I've been trying to get Mike to do in bed and there's... he's just...
Oh Ross no. Be careful, that is very old! Okay? Early Colonial bird merchants used to bring their birds to market in that.
Well, I said, I told him y'know, that I was the executor person of Francis' will and that I needed to talk to him so I'm gonna meet him at the coffee house later.
You guys, what, what do we do about Ross who drove all the way up here? What do we do? Just like send him back and we're then gonna go skiing?
All right y'know what, nevermind! Everyone wants to have a green one! I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to get so emotional, I guess it's just the holidays, it's hard.
And! Y'know what Jake says? That women's underwear is actually more comfortable. And he loves the way the silk feels against his skin.
Nuh-uh! They're maternity pants. They even came with a list of baby names. See, these names are good, and these names are bad. Ohh.
Yeah, I'm gonna go back to being Street Phoebe. Yeah! Oh but, y'know what? I can't go totally back because Street Phoebe really wouldn't be friends with you guys. Sorry.
I just wish there was something we could do. Hello. Hello, Coma Guy. GET UP, YOU GIRL SCOUT! UP! UP! UP!
Okay, well I'll bring them by tomorrow morning. Okay, and uh, by the way, they're not actually puppies, they're Frank and Alice's triplets. Okay, see ya!
No, no, it's not that. Uhm... Remember when you asked me if I was seeing someone and I said no? Well, uhm... I am. His ... his name is Mike.
Oh yes. Oh and, the part about how they're always like drinking from out pool of inner power, but God forbid we should take a sip.
How can you compare yourself to Gunther? I mean, sure, he's sexy in a more obvious way. You have a relationship with her, you slept together last night.
Oh really. Okay. let me ask you something. Yesterday at the coffee house, I went to the bathroom and when I came back, my muffin was gone-who took it?
Okay, I'm gonna go too. I'm gonna go to the airport. I figure if I hang around there long enough, someone's bound to leave one of those planes unattended.
I had to bring them! We killed their mother, they're our responsibility now. You know, they require constant care. You should know that, Rachel, you're a mother.
Oh, okay, I'm having another one! This one doesn't hurt either-Ooh, yes it does! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ooh! Oh, I was kinda hoping that was it.
Well, because we thought you knew!! It's so obvious! God, that would be like telling Monica, "Hey, you like things clean." Or, y'know, "Hey, Joey, you're gay."
Quite an interesting turn of events, suddenly it's my book to the rescue, huh? Ooh, very interesting. Yeah, well this certainly clears things up.
What if we don't find him somebody else? We'll just tell her the date's off, but we don't tell Ross, and he goes to the restaurant and gets stood up!
I-I can't find anything that I want to eat! Everything I eat makes me nauseous! I'm telling you, being pregnant is no piece of cake-ooh! Cake! No.
Oh my God! You're right! Go! Go tell Chandler! Hurry before it's too late! Wait no! Does this also mean putting out doesn't get you love?
Wait! This seat is really uncomfortable! Yeah, maybe before we start we should just get another one. Perhaps, like an airplane seat-or a beanbag chair!
From the nursery rhyme. 'There was a crooked man, Who had a crooked smile, Who lived in a shoe, For a... while...'
Relax every muscle in your body. Listen to the plinky-plunky music. Okay, now close you eyes, and think of a happy place. Okay, tell me your happy place.
Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfriend cycle, you can do like a cleansing ritual.
Oh my God! May I just say that you two gentlemen have the exact same hands! They're identical! Now, I've never seen anything like that in the business world.
Okay Rachel, I can't wait to live with you! And you know what we should do? Bring Monica and then we could all live there together! We'll have so much fun!!
Well, it was an accident...You know, it's a lot of oil and sometimes the hand just slips! Chandler: Have I got a surprise for you? Pack your bags!
Alright, so, what, he's not a famous tree surgeon? And then, I guess, OK, he doesn't live in a hut in Burma where there's no phones?
No! It's my first birthday with a boyfriend, and he has to work. Uch, I get mad at him, but I think it's a little to soon to show my true colors.
No, you are not, you are very attractive. You know what, I go through the exact same thing. Every time I put on a little weight, I start questioning everyting.
Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads, she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. . Tails! Monica, she's yours!
Hello. This is Phoebe Buffay. I was wondering, please, if-if it's not too much trouble, please, umm, might I speak to Miss Emily Waltham, please?
Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be flying you to Europe for free on their own plane.
Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, um, come to be very important to me. 'Kay.
Yeah well, that's 'cause Monica put me in charge of cups and ice, and Monica is gonna rue the day that she put me in charge of cups and ice.
No, no, no, I know, I know, ooh. 'Hi, this is Katelynn, from Phoebe Buffay's office. Um, is um, Ann there for Phoebe, she'll know what it's about.'
Wait, no, look at this! "Two bedroom, two bath, must be non-smoker, Satan worshipers okay..." Oh, yeah, but it's on the ground floor.
Umm, well he's very dashing, y'know, and umm, very, very sophisticated, and he doesn't speak any English, but according to his translator, he totally gets me.
Well, I didn't get embarrassed running next to Miss . But no, okay. No, no, I can see why running with me would be embarrassing to you. Yeah, okay. You're uptight.
Well maybe you don't talk about your feelings back then. Maybe you just say something about y'know all the things that he's taught you. Like... Or all the things you taught him.
I, I don't wanna meet my father over the phone. What am I gonna say, like 'Hi, I'm Phoebe, the daughter you abandoned. Oh, by the way, I broke your dog.'
Eight dollars and 27 cents. But not really, 'cause I put in the first two, just to, you know, get the ball rolling, and to make myself feel better.
Yeah! Ooh, we could teach them to sing, and we can be like the Von Trapp family! Only without the Nazis. Although that sounds kinda dull.
Oh, I Got Tired Of Naming States. So I Decided To List The Types Of Celery, And I Have One regular celery.
Yeah, I met him when I was playing guitar in Washington Square Park. Ryan threw in salt water taffy 'cause he didn't have any change.
Monica, if you get five cool points, you get to make somebody take off one item of clothing. It hasn't happened yet, but we're all very excited.
Mike knows I'm coming, and if I don't show up he'll think it's because of him! And I don't want to lose face! That's a very serious thing in my culture.
So you don't know that's Barney's the store! That can be y'know his friend's house, or a bar. Who has Barney's the store on their speed dial?
Wow, that sounds great! And what are you making Monica, in case Rachel's dessert is... so good that I eat all of it. There's none left for anybody else!
Yes, while I was in the chair! That's why I take such good care of my teeth now, y'know, it's not about oral hygiene, I floss to save lives!
And then you say that it's almost midnight and you have to go because you don't wanna start the new year with me if you can't finish it. I'm gonna miss you. You scientist guy.
I want to, but I just want you to tell me that marriage isn't really that big a deal. You know that I won't, I won't be missing out on anything. That marriage stinks!
For 99 cents, I'd eat you. Okay, I can totally settle down here. It's got everything I could ever want, including Joey! Look! Oh! Look! Hi!
With the web, the spider she dies, she does. She has babies and dies. It's like ya know, hey welcome home from the hospital, thud.
Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a dog's ear grow back so...still hoping.
Yep! As long as you understand that I'm going to call my lawyer and once he puts you on the stand he'll make you look like a fool. A fool!
Ecoutez, je vais vous dire la verite. C'est mon petit frere. Il est un peu retarde.
Oh yeah, okay. I'm uptight. Yeah, that's why I don't want to watch a middle aged guy dance around in what I can only assume is a child halloween costume!
Well, if you must know I have written 14 books. And as I am the only one who has read them, I can tell you that they all have been very well received.
I sound amazing. I, I, I've never heard myself sing before. I mean, except in my own head. Oh, this is so cool, now I can hear what you hear.
Gosh, what's the pay like? Oh, come on people... come on, now, if I don't know who makes the most, how do I know who I like the most! Hey Joey!
Fine. The reason that I was leaning a little bit more toward Rachel than you is just that you're ... just ... kinda high maintenance-Okay let's go to lunch!
Yeah, but if I do tell him, then he's gonna hate myself. I mean look at him and his Mom, I can't. But, you guys can, please you gotta talk him out of it.
I know who it is you remind me of. Evelyn Dermer. 'Course, that's before she got the lousy face lift. Now she looks like Soupy Sales.
I mean I guess, I just have to... tell David that nothing can happen between us. Unless I don't... You know, complicated moral situation, no right, no wrong...
Y'know what, I can stay, I'm gonna stay. 'Cause the last time I went skiing I was to afraid to jump off the chair lift, I just went around and around.
No, uhm... David and I did use to go out... but years ago, and he lives in Minsk. He's only... he's only in town for a couple of days.
No-no, that's not, that's not me Phoebe, that's her pal Phoebe. According to her high school yearbook, they were like B.F.F. Best Friends Forever.
It's ok. I thought of the perfect lie for you. It's easy to remember and doesn't invite a lot of questions. You weren't at the parade because you had a family emergency.
It's a...tarantula! Oh! God! Rachel, look, I'm sorry. What was I thinking giving Joey this big, gross, scary spider in such a poorly constructed cage?
Hmm, pulling in a salary in the high six figures or rubbing gross naked people for chump change-ooh, what do I do?! What will I do?!
Thank you. Okay, go! Go! Go! Now, if after dinner you still really need to bust someone, I know a hot dog vendor who picks his nose.
Hi. Um, I want to start with a song thats about that moment when you suddenly realize what life is all about. OK, here we go. OK, thank you very much.
Ok, well that's bad. But don't you think it might be different with someone else? Perhaps a blonde who always uses a toilet. Except for once in the ocean.
"Little, tiny Tarzan, swinging on a nose hair. Swinging with the greatest of ease..." Darn it! Now, I don't know who to get to the next verse.
I'll find Bob, I'll get him. Bob? Bob! Robert! Oh wait, I think I hear him. Oh - Oh my god! Bob had babies! Bob's a mom!
Well, I, I like the idea of naming him after someone I love, and Joey and Chandler are great names. But, all right, I don't-maybe I'll just name him The Hulk.
Or we could just follow your clever jokes &#150; any ideas? No! Didn't think so! Okay, c'mon guys, show us where the presents are!
Hey! So I had a great day, Rick and I really hit it off, and we started making out, and then my boss walked in and fired me for being a whore.
And he's going to be paying this woman? Why doesn't he just give her like a throne, and a crown, and like a, you know, gold stick with a ball on top.
Oh, honey, honey, tell them the story about your patient who thinks things are, like, other things. Y'know? Like, the phone rings and she takes a shower.
Okay. 'Jingle bitch screwed me over! Go to hell jingle whore! Go to hell Go to hell. Go to hell-hell-hell.' That's all I have so far.
Well, ok, I wasn't rich like you guys, ok, I didn't eat gold and have a flying pony... I had a hard life, my mother was killed by a drug dealer.
Well, I still think that it's a stupid reason not to call someone again. You are calling her! And if you need to, just get an extra plate of fries for the table!
Would you stop that! Do you wanna know the first thing she said when she came back from her lunch with Richard? She didn't feel anything for him. She loves you!
Sometimes men love women, sometimes men love men, and then there are bisexuals, though some just say they're kidding themselves. la la-la-la la-la-la-la-la-la-la...
Oh my God! You got off easy! When my friend Silvie's husband said someone else's name in bed, she cursed him and turned his thingy green.
Well, yeah! Fun is good, but y'know I also wanted to learn. Y'know, people are always talking about what they learned in high school and I never went to high school.
I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something, you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright.
Ohh, no. Oh okay, so you're a cop which means you can park anywhere, 'cause I know that 'cause I'm a cop too. So, all right, keep up the good work. 10-4.
Okay, well, I just don't, I don't know how it works exactly. See, my name is Buffay and my husband's name is Hannigan, so is it supposed to be Buffay-Hannigan or Hannigan-Buffay?
Well, this doesn't have to be so sad though. Y'know? Maybe instead of just thinking about how much you're gonna miss each other, you should like think of the things you're not gonna miss.
Unless... Maybe it's too crazy about this... Alright so... you know, there is no future... but that doesn't mean we still can't have fun. You know what? Forget what I said.
well you not what you should feel terrible about, this could have been my serious guy he was sweet and smart and funny. Do you know how hard it is to meet a guy like that?
Yes, and it is my dying wish to have that ring. See, if I'm not buried with that ring then my spirit is going to wander the nether world for all eternity...
Platting goats are platting. Platting down the street. Platting goats are platting, leaving little treats. Does it even work without my sexy voice?
No, no, no, I wouldn't do you myself, I mean that would be weird. Yeah, no, I'll get one of the other girls to do it. Oh, this will be so much fun! Hey! Are you excited?
The most popular Phoebe in tennis is called the overhand Phoebe. And if you win, you must slap your opponent on the Phoebe and say, "Hi, Phoebe!"
Ugh! No! This is so hard! I went through this whole book and found nothing! I want a name that's really like, y'know strong and confident, y'know? Like-like Exxon.
No, you don't! She's going to Paris! She is going to meet somebody. Do you know how many hot guys there are in Paris? It's... It's a city of Gunthers!
Yeah, I'm so good in this scene that I'm stealing focus from you. Well, rise to the challenge Tribianni 'cause I just raised the bar. Come join me up here!
Monica, I'm sorry I didn't come by last night. I was out with Gary; he let me ride around with him in his cop car. We saw and prevented crimes.
Come, sit. Sit. Sit! Umm, all righty, before we get started I just-I need you to state for the official record that you are in fact Frank Buffay.
I'm sorry, Frank. I didn't realise things were so bad. You know, I'll help out more. I can - I can babysit any time you want. You name the day, and I'll be there.
Yeah, all right. Meanwhile, I'm gonna do whatever I can to help this so, I'm just gonna y'know, lie it your chair, Y'know? Yeah, good, I'm let gravity y'know, do its jobs.
Okay, well umm, I know that we haven't talked in a long time, but umm okay, our Mom is not our birth Mom. This-this other lady is our birth Mom.
I know. We didn't do any of the romantic things I had planned, like having a picnic at Central Park and ya know, coffee at Central Perk. Oh I just got that.
I've always wanted to live with a guy. "Pick up your socks!" "Put down the toilet seat!" "No! We're not having sex anymore!" It's gonna be fun!
Are you kidding? That's what sisters are for. Frank Jr. : Look at them! Aw. I love you so much. Oh crap, don't wake up, don't wake up!
I'm not gonna. But you know what's cool though? Ok, if you had a friend named Pete, then I could say, 'Oh yeah, I know Pete, he's friends with my brother.'
'kay, see you there. Happy humping! Hey...hey! Oh, wow, somebody smoked out here? Oh my god, don't people know, you're not allowed to smoke in public spaces?
Well, it's not so much that you know, like I don't believe in it, you know, it's just...I don't know, lately I get the feeling that I'm not so much being pulled down as I am being pushed.
Okay. Then, take the tiara back and let me hold the musket again. Something's missing. It's not... Okay oh, let me see the ring my friend picked out.
Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna propose to me, I don't think he's ever gonna ask again! I mean, I said no in Barbados and now this!
Oh, I don't know. Umm, how about the fact that the underwear out there on the telephone pole is yours from when you were having sex with Fun Bobby out on the terrace.
Oh can I? Vegetarians never get to do the wishbone. It's really not fair either! You know, just because we don't eat the meat doesn't mean we don't like to play with the carcasses!
No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news is, Gladys is yours!
Well, OK, the record company sent over this piece of paper for me to sign, saying that it's OK for someone else to sing for me. That was my first clue.
Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant uh, huh wait! Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man.
Okay, well they are a huge responsibility, especially at this age. They require constant care. They-they need just the right food, and lot's and lot's of love.
Y'know, I bet it would actually make my grandmother very happy to know that we're trying to figure out her recipe. I bet she's l-l-lookin' up at us and smiling right now.
I'm sorry, but sometimes they need help. That's fine. Go ahead and scoff. You know, there're a lot of things that I don't believe in, but that doesn't mean they're not true.
Yeah I know what I wanted to ask you. Um, can you roll your tongue? Because I can, and my Mom couldn't, and I thought y'know, I figured that was something I got from our Dad.
Yeah! I mean, I don't know. I was just , I was looking, I was looking in his eyes and I was just thinking: Oh my God! It's David. David's here. He's just, he's so irresistible.
Okay, don't panic. I'm gonna go to the store, I'm gonna get you another set of nails, no one's gonna know, and you're gonna look great. Oh! Oh, it's 'cause they're gonna eat-that's the problem.
Ewww! And "Oh no!" It's-they just want me to be the surrogate. It's her-it's her egg and her sperm, and I'm-I'm just the oven, it's totally their bun.
Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me. And, um, and then you tell me that you love me and you'll never forget me.
Yeah, she clamed she had to go out of town suddenly. She's avoiding me, she doesn't want to tell me where my Father is. She knows, and she won't tell me.
Oh this, well I'm glad you asked. Now, don't you hate it when you have to cut a tin can with an ordinary steak knife? Ahh! Now, I know what you're thinking...
I hate this. 'Cause I tell you, I had the most amazing two weeks planned for us, and almost everything I had in mind, we had to be a lot closer than this.
Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting everyone, you would jump in and defend everyone and then you could look like the hero.
No, no, no, oh no-no-no, it's has to be 800. 'Cause all those big companies have 800 numbers, every one. Yeah, every big Utah-based company has one.
Okay, umm, question 2) Umm, did that marriage end A. Happily, B. Medium, or C. In the total abandonment of her and her two children?
Yeah. I actually am, yeah. Y'know life-life's gonna had you all kinds of stuff, y'know you learn your little lessons and hopefully you grow. Wanna hear a new song?
Oh, look look look. The last candle's about to burn out. 10, 9, 8, 7... ... negative 46, negative 47, negative 48....
You're in my office! Look, I have made a lot of cash for this company! Okay? I am talking big bucks! Pesos! Yen! Rubles! You make one little mistake...
Yes, yes I do. God, oh it's just perfect! Wow! I bet it has a great story behind it too. Did they tell you anything? Like y'know where it was from or...
You wouldn't! Okay look, Rachel I know you really want to do this, but I-I've never been maid of honor to anyone before! And I know you've done it at least twice!
No wait! Just-Okay-Just wait! You guys! Wait you guys! Don't make any rash decisions, okay? Just remember my promise, when we get married, three times a week.
Wrong again! Apparently you can change it to anything you want. So I thought, all right, here's an opportunity to be creative. So meet Princess Consuela Banana Hammock.
Well you all know that I'm a pacifist so I'm not interested in war in any way. But y'know what? When the revolution comes, I will have to destroy you all. Not you Joey.
Let's just play, ok. Good, ok. Here we go, double sixes, here we go... Here we go, come to mama, just getting ready to roll the dice...
Well, I'm sorry but it's hard to believe that anyone would tell a story that dull just to tell it! See, there's something going on with them. Look, he's getting into the car with her!
Well hello, Mrs. Penella! Thank you so much for coming! Well, okay look, here's your umm, 3-D glasses and Reverend Pong will tell you when to put them on.
Mon... Marcia and Chester are planning on seeing a movie on Sunday night. Marcia thinks they're supposed to meet at six, Chester thinks it's at seven.
But then we ditch those two and that's when we get married. We'll have Chandler's money and Rachel's kids and getting custody will be easy because of Rachel's drinking problem.
So you like the drums! That's, that's great! Y'know, I was worried, that, you know, they would maybe an unbearable living situation. All right, okay, well, apparently not! So, yay!
Yes, and now he's using this three divorces reason because he wants to stay married to her because he loves her. I must say, "Well done!" Bravo Meg.
Ohh, okay maybe they put your picture back up they can put you next to Matt Lauer. Look at him, smiling at me. Yeah I know; we'd be great together!
Yeah. Let's see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin with a guy named Cindy who talked to his hand.
Please don't be a space ship. Please don't be a space ship. Oh thank God! How could you be beeping?! I just disconnected you! I took out your battery! How can...
Oooh, I love family traditions like that. When uhm... when Ursula and I were kids, on our birthday, our stepdad would sell his blood to buy us food!
'Right, well look, um, if Joey loses this audition, that is it for Estelle. I don't care! Annie you are a doll, what time can you see him?' I need a pen.
Oh no-no, no, I made a promise to myself that the next time I would talk to Ursula would be over my dead body. And that's not happening 'til October 15th, 2032.
Yeah, eight of them. That's 56 to him. You know also, if, if it's raining, you can't let him look up too long 'cause that cone'll fill up really really fast.
Oh no, I don't believe in Western medicine. No, if you just apply pressure to these points right here. Then your hand starts to hurt and you still have a headache, so thanks.
Oh, I am having the best karma this week. First, I find this woman who knew my parents, and then my client with the fuzzy back gives me his beach house.
I'm in the shower and I'm writing a song. Stop me if you've heard it. My skin is soapy, and my hair is wet, and Tegrin spelled backward is Nirget.
Ugly Naked Guy's taking his turkey out of the oven. Oh my god. He's not alone. Ugly Naked Guy's having Thanksgiving dinner with Ugly Naked Gal.
Well it's just-it's one of those situations that I just hate. Y'know? A massage client gave me three tickets to the Helmet-Pelts exhibit at the Morgan Chase museum.
And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Ole!
Fine! You go learn from your qualified instructor! But don't come crying to me when everyone's sick and tired of hearing you play Bad, Bad Leroy Brown!!
Yeah! Well, I really liked that Lamaze class I took! Y'know and this time I thought I'd go for something, y'know a little more intellectual, with a less painful final exam.
Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper?
Oh thank god. Oh, you changed your mind. Oh, look I know you probably want to be alone, and you don't want to talk about it, that's fine. I just want you to know, I think you are doing the right thing and...
: It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! Classy, uh?
What am I gonna do?! What am I gonna do?! I can't call my office they'll kill me! I can't call my clients they'll kill themselves! Great, now my chest hearts.
OK. I just met this producer of this like, teeny record company, who said that I have a very fresh, offbeat sound and she wants to do a demo of Smelly Cat.
Whoa!! That-okay, that's a lot of pressure on me and my uterus. So, well okay, so is there-is maybe is there something that I can do y'know just to like help make sure I get pregnant?
Knock, knock, knock, knock, hi. Um, could you please tell Sergei that um, I was fascinated by what Boutros Boutros Gali said in the New York Times.
Okay. Rachel, the hottest babies in the Tri-State Area are in this room right now! I overheard one of the judges say that not one of them holds a candle to Emma!
Umm, my friend, Bonnie. She just always thought Ross was really cute, and now that you two aren't together, she asked if I could set it up, but if you're not cool with it...
Uh, excuse me. Uh, I am Regine Philange. I was passing by when I heard this man speaking the regional dialect of my French town of Estee Lauder.
Oh! I'm sorry Rachel, I don't have time for your childish games, ok? I still have to go find something incredible to wear so I can beat Mike at "who's more over who"!
Oh no, you're not supposed to be here. This is the staging area, you should, it's all wrong, you should leave, ya know, get out. Or perhaps you'd like a creme d'menthe.
Hi! Yeah, I'm calling on behalf of Monica Geller's eye, and is um, is Richard Burke in today. He's out of town, but does she want to see the on-call doctor?
Look, Ross, in this box are all the things I got from mugging that I thought were too special to sell... or smoke. Anyway, I was looking through it and I found "Science Boy"
Yes, yes, and it's, and we always have to go to, you know, someplace nice, you know? God, and it's not like we can say anything about it, 'cause, like this birthday thing, it's for Ross.
Me too. Although this city is my home, so. So that's dumb what I said, don't tell him I said that. Umm, you make something up. Nice, thank you. This is me. Here.
That she's gonna move in with you and maybe then she'll fall in love with you and then when she finds out you're already married, she'll just be happy. Y'know? You're just, you're very sad.
You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or-Oh! All that time Monica spent on the phone with sad Linda from camp!
Oh, well, it's a shame that you-that you miss the movie 'cause we were gonna see, you know, either "Liar, Liar" or "Betrayal", or... "An Affair To Remember".
I know, I know! I'm like playing the field. Y'know? Like, juggling two guys, I'm sowing my wild oats. Y'know? Y'know, this kind've like y'know oat-sowin', field-playin' juggler.
Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p... Phoebe: Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me?
Please! Please! Please! Please! Oh please! Please! Please! Frank and Alice asked me to baby sit the triplets and I'm nervous 'cause I've never done that before by myself!
Yeah, ok. I guess you're right. Allright, so we should just give them away. But to nice families, with children, and reduced fat wheat thins. They're Bob's favorites.
You know, now you're more like, you know like, "Mr. Caring Boss," "Mr.", you know, "I'm one of you, Boss," "Mr., I wanna be your buddy, Boss Man Bing!"
Look David, if... if you had never left, then... yeah, we'd probably still be together right now, but... you did leave, and I-I'm with Mike and I really care about him...
Yeah! Why would my mother send me a fur? Doesn't she know me but at all! Plus, I have a perfectly fine coat that no innocent animal suffered to make!
Wow, Joey and a professor! Can you imagine if they had kids and if the kids got her intelligence and Joey's raw sexual magnetism... Oh, those nerds will get laaaaaid!
That sucks! That's not a trip! I just came from the park! What are we gonna high five about at the stupid Central Park? "Well, it's right by my house, all right!"
Ha-ha. No, it's just I'm so pregnant that I-my guitar doesn't fit anymore. So I thought 'til I'm not, I'm just gonna play all my songs on this drum. It sounds really cool!
I can be a waitress. OK watch this. Um, gimme two number ones, 86 the bacon, one Adam and Eve on a raft and rick'em, la-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la.
Oh, Jack Bing. I love that. Ooh, it sounds like a '40s newspaper guy, you know? "Jack Bing, Morning Gazette. I'm gonna blow this story wide open!"
No! But she gave me the box that it came in. It had a picture of the bike on the front. So I would sit on it and my step-dad would drag me around the backyard.
Yeah no, I'm telling you Rachel has such a great eye for this stuff. Ross, y'know if you ever decide you need to redecorate-And I think that you should. You should, you should ask Rachel to help.
She was acting, she was pretending like she hasn't heard from him on years, but I found this picture on her fridge, and look ! Isn't this what he would look like now?
You know, what I think is so great that you are totally into this person and yet for all you know she could be like 90 years old, or have two heads, or. It could be a guy.
I had a great time. It was really top drawer. And Here's Something Rich thirteen bathrooms in this place... I threw up in the coat closet... Ta taaa...
Yeah, yeah, I'm going to be out there spreading joy to the people. I mean, last year, I spread a little joy but not really enough. So this year, I'm going to do the whole city.
I'm sooo sorry!! I just... I keep thinking about Mike! I'm crazy about David, and we're having so much fun together. Why-Why do I miss Mike? That's-that's gonna go away, right?
No, I made myself take an oath. Yeah, no fooling around with clients and umm, always be prepared. Yeah, that one's actually from the Boy Scouts, but it just makes good sense.
Yeah, I should go to, `cause I'm playing in one hour. Hey, you guys should come hear me, ooh hear me. Ooh, My sticky shoes--eww! Eww! I lost my sexy phlegm!
Okay. I have just a few questions to ask so I'm going to get out my official forms. Okay, so, question 1) You and uh, you were married to Francis' daughter Lilly, is that correct?
Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only one who ever clawed her way back in.
Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens, bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens... La la la la...something and noodles with string. These are a few...
You don't have to be awake to be my man, As long as you have brainwaves I'll be there to hold your hand. Though we just met the other day, There's something I have got to say...
You know what Amanda said to me when she got me on the phone? "Oh, so sorry to catch you on your Mo-Bile!" If-if you don't wanna get me on my mo-Bile, don't call me on my mo-Bile!"
OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen from a great distance. It's the way my mother sees me from heaven.
Hey, you know what might help you deal with it? Think of it this way, you and Emily are in the past and you can't be mad about the past. So are you still mad about the Louisiana Purchase?
These are not mine... Look how flimsy they are, come on! Good God! You try to hang a guy from a waterpipe with these, they'll snap like a piece of licorice.
Oh wait, one sec. One sec. Hey you! Behind the glass! Who are you looking at! I've always wanted to say that when I was in one of these rooms, which was never!
Well, yeah, because I have to break up with someone, and... Okay so Jason is sensitive, but now so's Vince Plus, Vince has the body y'know? So... It's really just about the math.
Yeah. You're trying to figure out where you know me from? All right, I'll give you a hint. From porn! Okay? Yeah your pervert boyfriend watched me in a porno movie! See?
Oh please! Just before when you were asleep in the lounge! That Armenian family was watching you instead of the TV. Oh, that reminds me. That Mr. Hasmeje still has my Gameboy.
Oh, great! We couldn't keep our eyes off each other all night and then every once and a while y'know, he'd kinda lean over and stroke my hair and touch my neck.
"...fuchsia and mauvvve. Those are the 66 colours of my bedroommmm." Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and I invite you to count the colours in your bedroom. Except for you. You go away.
I know. It's just y'know usually when you're, when you're done with the pregnant thing, y'know, then you get to do the mom thing. I'm gonna be y'know, sitting around in my leather pants, drinking Tequila.
What the hell is this?! What, did you actually thought it would make me feel better to give me stuff that I can't use for another two months?! This sucks! All right, what's my next present?!
Oh! It will be fun! Ohh! Yay! Oh! Okay, ooh, let's plan the wedding reception. Wow! You really wanted me to do something with this van. Y'know what, I want you to take the chef job.
Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the-that looks just like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say 'hi!' but then I figured, he doesn't care if he looks like you.
Oh well, what do you know, there goes my identical twin sister. Just walkin' along looking like me. What, is this just like a freakish coincidence, or did you know she takes this train?
No, that was my way of telling you. Well, it turns out he's incredibly sensitive, he keeps a journal and he paints. He even showed me charcoal drawings that he drew of me.
Okay, then you don't know what it feels like when one of them comes back. Do you? I believe this is my Mother. Even if I'm wrong, who cares? Just be a friend. Okay? Be supportive.
Well, you know what Chandler? I think you've gotta face it. You're like, the guy in the big office, you know. You're the one that hires them, that fires them... They still say you're a great boss.
Yes you do! This is your third divorce! You love divorce so much you're probably gonna marry it! Then it won't work out and you're gonna have to divorce it, divorcing guy. I'm so drunk.
All right, y'know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of heather, and then bath in the sweat of six healthy young men.
Umm, well I, I kinda had a little chat with Alice, and I sort of made her see why you two shouldn't be together, y'know. And you're gonna see it to, one day, you really, really will.
Chandler, you gotta stop staring at the door. It's like a watched pot, you know if you keep looking at it then the door is to, never gonna boil. I think what you have to do is try not to...
No-no-no, but I am mad! I am mad! Because this stuff is everything that is wrong with the world! And it's all sitting up in my living room and all I can think about is how I don't have that lamp!
Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know, slum it with some average Joe Phd.
No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play soccer forever. Ahh, hello, human-rights violation.
Ok, all right, let's hear about the kiss. Was it like, was it like a soft brush against your lips? Or was it like a, you know, a "I gotta have you now" kind of thing?
I don't know, but we're having dinner tomorrow night, so I figured, she's gonna tell me then. Y'know maybe she just wanted to give him time to, buy me presents, I don't know! So, you're all bored?
Yeah, y'know what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the kind of guy you'd like to take to a ball? "Hey Sebastian, would you like to dance?" "Uhh, okay-I gotta go!"
I couldn't tell him no. He got so sad. Maybe it'll be all right. I do really like him a lot and probably do it eventually anyway and plus, think of all the money I'll save on stamps.
Sparkly. So, wow, this is pretty wonerful, huh. Mr. major capades guy. I, I remember when you were just, like, King Friday in Mr. Roger's Ice is Nice.
Okay. So, this wire is connected to this wire which plugs into here. Okay so, to get the beeping to stop all I have to do... Well done, Pheebs. What do you want from me?!!!!!!!
OK, no. For your information I'm going to see him so I can put all those feeling behind me. OK, and the reason I'm dressed like this is because I think it's nice to look nice for your gay husband.
It's a cotton swab with a bit of my saliva on it, so that if they perfect the cloning process while you are over there, you can use the DNA to create your own Pheebs!
Well not so much a pet as, you know, an occasional visitor who I put food out for, you know. Kinda like Santa. Except Santa doesn't poop on the plate of cookies.
Well, umm, not much. But, I was just thinking that since those guys just got engaged that maybe it would be nice if they had some privacy, y'know? So, could I just move in with you for a couple days?
Oh no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't get me wrong. No, he's not in like a sissy way. No, no, no... when he gets going, he can rattle a headboard like a sailor on leave...
Okay. There may be a way that we can get the other ring back. 'Cause I heard the guy tell the jeweler where he was going to propose. So maybe we can get him to trade rings or something.
Wow, a year and a half ago I didn't even know I had a brother, and now I have a sister too. Okay. Okay. Stop it, don't. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?
No, no, no, I actually it's any baby animals: kittens, fish babies... You know... especially veal... and this, this nice vein of fat running through it... Hmmm... yummy Hmmm...
Yes! I know! I know! Yeah! So the baby is totally craving meat. This afternoon I tried tricking it, I made it a soy-burger to make it think it was getting meat, y'know? And I got nauseous.
Alright, wait, so what you're saying is that the chef is at the Hamilton Club, but the food is not and the drinks are there, but the bartender is not? Are you, are you FREAKING KIDDING ME!?
Well, freaked. 'Cause it turns out that the odds are really sucky. And! This is Frank and Alice's like only shot. Like, they are literally putting all of their eggs in my basket.
Okay, stop! Larry, okay, can't you just be Larry and not Larry the health inspector guy? Y'know I mean it was really exciting at first but now it's like, okay, so where are we gonna eat ever?
Please, I almost fell for that with, uh, Pride of the Yankees, I thought I was gonna see a film about Yankee pride and then, boom, the guy gets Lou Gehrig's disease.
Good, but wait. Okay, all right, here we go. Now I want you to relax. Take a deep breath. Clear your mind. Which do you like better peanut butter or egg whites?
Oh right, ok um. Ok so its not just the lie you tell. but its the way you tell it. . For example if you look down at the ground when you're talking, people know you're lying.
OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. Dude, 11 o'clock, totally hot babe checkin' you out. That was really good, I think I'm ready for my penis now.
Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. . Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they're in my seat. It's my anniversary. Here we are! . Can't believe it's been a whole year!
No! I definitely don't wanna get married. No I just wanted to make sure you didn't want to too. Whew! Coz you know when we move in and you start changing your mind there's gonna be hell to pay mister!
Oh, it's like huge weight has been lifted! 'Cause look, no hair loss, not a rash, no hives, I'm just so happy! Because no shortness of breath, no temporary euphoria-Oh.
We can't leave now! There was this one baby, Haley, who was favourite to win and she got croup, so she had to stay home! This competition just blew wide open, folks!
I'm so, so, so sorry, Joey. I definitely am gonna see you're play. I swear you're play is very important to us, thank you for your patience. You're play is the next play is the next play I'm gonna see.
Maybe not! Y'know? Seriously, three babies are a handful maybe they're y'know, looking for a chance to unload one of them. Listen, I-I hate to miss an opportunity just because I didn't ask! Y'know?
Yeah, I've discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the brain of Ross, uh women's names are interchangeable, through-through no fault of his own.
Hello. My name is Regina Phalange. I'm a businesswoman in town on business. Would you like to see my card? Ooh, what did I do with my file-a-facts? I must've left it in conference room B.
I'm sorry you guys but, you know, Mike's got his brother and his friends from school so... you know, you were-you were... if it helps you, you were next in line, you just-you just missed the cut.
Hey! I've got a great idea for party favors for the shower. Okay, we get some uh mahogany boxes and carve everyone's names in them and inside is everyone's individual birth stone.
I'll get it, okay. Hi, Monica and Rachel's. Yeah, just a second, can I ask who's calling. Oh, ew, it's Michelle! Ew! She, she must have that Caller Id thing. You should get that.
Because at that time you see, I thought everything that rhymed was true. So I thought y'know that if I'd work with stocks, I'd have to live in a box, and only eat lox, and have a pet fox.
Yeah, my mom sent me a family heirloom that once belonged to my grandmother. Can you believe it?! A year ago I didn't even have a family, and now I have heirlooms for crying out loud.
I'm sorry, Monica, I'm really happy you got promoted, but cold cucumber mush for thirty-something bucks? No! Rachel just had that, that, that salad, and, and Joey with his like teeny pizza! It's just...
New York City has no power, and the milk is getting sour. But to me it is not scary, 'cause I stay away from dairy.... la la la, la la, la la...
I didn't watch the ending, I was too depressed. It just kept getting worse and worse, it should have been called, "It's a sucky life and just when you think it can't suck any more it does."
Well, let's see, it's not. Really, like that. Because, you see that was an actual problem, and uh, yours is just like y'know a bunch of y'know high school crap that nobody really gives y'know...
Oh, it's my wedding planner. She's driving me crazy! Hello... Hey, ok, stop screaming! Ok? So, halibut. All right, so salmon, either way. I don't-I don't... it doesn't matter to me!
Don't be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross Geller, Good at Marriage! Y'know? Mine's gonna say Phoebe Buffay, Buried Alive.
Of course not! And you're gonna love Mary Ellen. She's really smart and cute and funny, and I can't tell you how I know this, but she' not opposed to threesomes. So tell me some about my guy.
Check it out. Okay, I can play this when the guests are coming in. Okay. "First Time I Met Chandler, I Thought He Was Gay. But here I am singing on his wedding day!"
Oh whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait a minute, open up your hand; let me take a look. Quarter. Dime. Lint? Not interested in that. What's this? A Canadian coin? Get outta here!
Oh y'know what's sadder than this? Bambi. I cried for three days with that movie. No wait two! Because on the third day my mother killed herself so I was partly crying for that.
Well, if I'm going down, I'm taking you with me. Harboring a fugitive? That's one to three years minimum. Good luck Chandler. Okay, you can arrest me. Fine. But you'll never make it stick and you know it!
'Cause you're still into Monica. So you told her there was somebody else so she would agree to work with you, so 'cause you figure oh if you spent a lot of time together, maybe something might happen, and...
No, 'cause you just said dad and everywhere I go today I keep getting signs telling me to go see my father. Like when I was walking over here and I passed a buffet...which is my father's last name.
I'm telling you! Oh, okay! This is the part of the musical where there'd be a really good convincing song. "Bam-bam, don't take no for an answer. Bam-bam, don't let love fly away. Bam-bam-bam-bam..."
Ok, um, hi, hello, hi, ok, so, um, this is a song about a love triangle between three people that I made up. Um, it's called, um, "Two of Them Kissed Last Night".
Oh, okay! "Would I go back to Allesandro's? Sure, but I'd have to order two meals, one for me and one for the guy pointing the gun to my head." Wow! You really laid into this place.
Sure, yeah, no I can do that, yeah, because umm, y'know, the muscles in the siadic area can get y'know, real nice and tight. So umm, tell me Rick, how umm, how did you injure the area.
Oh God, I tried everything to make myself feel better. I even tried writing a song about it... but... I can't think of anything that rhymes with AARRGGHH!! Hey Monica, I really need your help getting through this...
No, Mike, I don't want to kill him! I thought we were just gonna capture him and, and you know, set him free in the country side where he can maybe meet a friendly possom and a wisecracking owl.
But everybody sings. It's so much fun! Last time this adorable old man got out there, forgot all of the words, flipped outand everyone booed him off the stage. So funny.
Hey you guys wait! Guys! This place is so much better than London! Okay? This lady dressed like Cleopatra gave me a coupon, 99 cent steak and lobster dinner. Huh!
I'm just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an accident and can't perform sexually and he would want you to take a lover to satisfy the needs that he can no longer fulfill.
Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art, but your love oh your love, your love...is like a giant pigeon...crapping on my heart. La-la-la-la-la- Thank you. La-la-la-la...ohhh!
Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home".
I made a man with eyes of coal And a smile so bewitchin', How was I supposed to know That my mom was dead in the kitchen? La lalala la la la la lalala la la...
Yeah, um, in Albany, can I have the number of Frank Buffay. . . OK, um, in Ithica. . . alright, um, Saratoga. . . Oneonta. Alright, you know what, you shouldn't call youself information.
Don't feel bad. You know they used to like you a lot. But then you got promoted, and, you know, now you're like "Mr. Boss Man". You know, Mr. Bing. Mr. Bing, "Boss Man Bing".
Just, you know, long time ago. Well, when men used to tell women what to do - a lot. And then there was suffrage, which is a good thing but is sounds horrible. Do you want to get this tattoo?
Hmm, okay, total abandonment. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top secret government work, B. Amnesia, or C. Or you're just a selfish, irresponsible bad, bad man?
No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesquely dressed in like tinsel and twinkly lights. Hey, how do you sleep at night?
Oh yeah. You know, I don't know if I was happier when um George Bailey destroyed the family business or um, Donna Reid cried, or when the mean pharmacist made his ear bleed.
Yeah, well, everybody does! I'm a really cool person. And y'know you had 29 years to find that out, but you didn't even try! Y'know what, you walked out on me, and I'm just, I'm gonna do the same thing to you.
Hey, you should really read that book you wrote. Wow! You saw the hat in the kitchen and knew that she'd have to go in there hatless to get it. You can have your own health inspector detective show!
Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall.
That was supposed to be a good thing, I forget why. Just listen, Monica, I, do you know, okay, do you know, I couldn't sleep for like a month because I got like a dot of ink on one of the sofa cushions.
Well, hey, what if Kenny were the real brains behind the whole company? You know. What if Kenny hired that Ralph Lauren guy to be the pretty front man? Huh, did she ever think of that?
Oh! Since tomorrow. I met this really cute guy in the park and he like y'know, jogs, and blades, and swims, and so y'know we made a deal that's he's going to teach me all sorts of jock stuff.
Well, I mean, I'm not my sisters, you know, whatever, and um... I mean, its true, we were one egg, once, but err, you know, weve grown apart, so, um... I dont know, why not? Okay.
Oohh, um, no, I don't think that's the problem. 'Cause we went, um, dancing the other night and the way he held me so close, and the way he was looking into my eyes I just like... definitely felt something.
Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. Um tonight it's why he would not eat them on a train. Have fun bye.
Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.
Yuh-huh! I was the last one to know when Chandler got bitten by the peacock at the zoo. I was the last one to know when you had a crush on Joey when he was moving in. Looks like I was second to last.
I'm, I'm freaking out! Monica kinda trusted me with something and she shouldn't have! All right, I haven't lived here in a while, so I have to ask you something. Does Monica still turn on the lights in her bedroom?
Oh! I can't believe it. I can't believe this. We're just like, sitting at home, trying to guess Joey's fingers, and you guys are out like partying and having fun, and you know, all, "hey, Blowfish, suck on my neck".
Wow, what is with all the negativity? You sound like Monican't , not Monican... ...Monica. Look, you know, you have been playing around with this catering thing for over three years. Do you want to be a caterer or not?
Anyway, I'm going out with Sergei again tonight, and um, could you come and be the translator's date? So that when we, it's time for our alone time, you two could split off. Y'know, he's really, he's kinda cute.
Okay that's even sadder. Look, I know, I know what I got myself into, it's just that now that they're in me it's like, it's like I know them y'know, I mean-I mean, it's just not gonna be easy when these little babies have to go away.
There'll be times when you get older when you'll want to sleep with people just to make them like you. . . But don't. Cause that's another thing that you don't wanna do, everybody That's another thing that you don't wanna do.
Okay y'know what you have to choose. All right, if-if the most important thing on the planet to you is this cat poopy thing then, okay you can have Smelly Cat, but we won't be partners. So what's it gonna be?
Oh, I love you guys too, but Mike got off work early. Wait. Wait, I'm not t-not that kind of girl that just ditches her friends to be with her boyfriend. You know what? I am. Bye guys! Judy! Bye.
No but, why does that have to be a bad thing. Just change what it means. Y'know? Go down there and prove your Mother wrong. Finish the job you were hired to do, and we'll call that pulling a Monica.
I don't accept this rule. When me make plans, I expect you to show up. Okay, I can't just be a way to kill time 'til you meet someone better! Y'know boyfriends and girlfriends come and go, but this is for life!
Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a rookie, but I'm the only one who can sing "Merry Christmas" in 25 languages. I lied.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contribution! And you can leave the hurt bunny look over there too! Hi Bob! I thought I told you to get outta here!
All right, I've never been engaged and I've never really been married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have doubts or fears or anxieties about a relationship, do not communicate them to your husband.
Oh, ok, you want me to marry Mike? Alright, well, let's just gag him and handcuff him and force him down the aisle. I can just see it: "Mike, do you take Phoebe..." You know, it's every girl's dream!
Oh, I know, we should have been more prepared. It's okay. Now, the way I see it, our real competition now is Cameron. Oh my God, they just took her sweater off. Look at those arms! Hello Michelin Man.
Yeah, you can't do that! Oh, come on Mike, strap on a pair.Why don't you just tell her that we got back together. You know, women appreciate honesty. We also appreciate gentle spanking once in a while. Just F.Y.I.
Hi, this Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please? Earl, thanks. Hi Earl, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies I'd like to talk to you about your toner needs.
Ok, somebody is on their way to ruin wedding okay. And I have to warn somebody, alright. So if you don't give me that number then I'm going to come over there and kick your snooty ass all the way to New Glocken..shire.
All right so Earl, let's just forget about the people at the office, okay? There-there's gotta be someone else in your life worth sticking around for! What about-what about your family, your friends, or maybe your girlfriend?
I dunno, let's see! So, okay, I dreamt that we were gonna get married, and he left, becuz he had to go fight a fire. And, um, so okay, I went to a night club, and I saw him making out with a girl.
Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, and sweeter... I just- I just wanna be with him all the time. Day and night, and night and day... and special occasions...
Ninety percent of a women's pheromones come out the top of her head! That's why, that's why women are shorter. So that men will fall in love when they hug them! Oh come on Ross, you're a scientist.
Okay. Okay, here's what we're gonna do. Okay, I'm gonna break into this mini-van and put it in neutral. You guys push it forward so Ross can drive out of his spot. Okay? All right, here we go. Haul ass!!!!
Hey, you know what, I've never had a one-year anniversary before, so no matter where we go, I'm wearing something fancy pants, and... I'm gonna put on my finest jewelry and we're gonna have sex in a public rest room.
Ooh-Ooh! I did it! I did it! I figured out a way to make money! I'm gonna open up my own massage place and Frank's gonna help me! And! We can work it around his schedule so he doesn't have to quit school!
No, no, no. It's not! It's not my mom. It belonged to mom. Yeah, no, she used to put it out every Christmas to remind us, that even though it's Christmas, people still die. And, you can put candy in it.
Ooh! No, no, no, no, he's not like a kook, no. He's just like this, this very passionate, incredibly romantic guy, that got like a tinsy bit carried away, you know. And we just get along really well, and he's so cute.
Okay, you guys. You guys I think I know what's going on here. Okay, you guys... STOP!! I know that, I know that you're acting mad because you think that it'll make it easier to leave. But deep down you're still really sad. Deep-deep down.
No. No, he is my submaring guy. He resurfaces like every couple years and we have the most amazing three days together. Only this time he's coming for two weeks. Two whole weeks, which means yay.
No! Rachel, that's what they want me to do. My warranty expires tomorrow, if I don't get through, they're not gonna fix my crappy, broken phone for free! We cannot let them win! It's us versus them!
How could it not be? I mean pretty soon they're gonna be having kids, and then they're just gonna be hanging out with other couples who have kids. And then maybe they're gonna have to leave the city to be near a Volvo dealership.
Really? So this is... this is my big send off in the married life? Rachel this is the only bachelorette party I'm ever gonna have! I've got a big wad of ones in my purse! Really? I mean, really? It's just tea?
Am I? Really? Am I? Well, why don't you cook Thanksgiving dinner and prove me wrong! Well, think about it, think about it, you'll be trying to top than you did last year. You'd be in competition... with yourself.
Yeah, I talked to my grandma about the Old Yeller incident, and she told me that my mom used to not show us the ends of sad movies to shield us from the pain and sadness. You know, before she killed herself.
No, I know, I'm just nervous. Y'know it's just y'know Mom's dead, don't talk to my sister, Grandma's been sleeping a lot lately. It's like the last desperate chance to have a family, y'know, kinda thing. You're so sweet to wait with me.
Okay, umm, it's this tragic love story between Cathy and Heathcliff and umm, it takes place on like these really creepy mores in England. Which I think represents the wildness of Heathcliff's character. I totally get symbolism.
Y'know that's really fair. Y'know? Most guys who have been divorced three times are like 60. Ross, nobody cares about this except you! This-this embarrassment thing is all in your head! Here, I'll show you! Come here.
It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; "Okay dear, you go get the eggs and I'm gonna get the yogurt and we'll meet at the checkout counter." And y'know what? We will meet at the checkout counter.
There's a reset button?! Ugh, thank you! Thank you! There's a reset button! My God! Why didn't I see that! Reset button, reset button, where is there a reset button? Oh here it is! Oh! Ohh, God!
Okay, bye. Alright, so Mike's on his way over. See, you thought you guys were meeting here, and he thought you were meeting at the restaurant, so you know... Doesn't really matter who's right or wrong. Point is... I'm gonna take off.
C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their tank, ya know, holding claws like. . .
oh, oh, oh! This is so great! Oh my god! This was not at all scary. Hi everybody. Hi Betty! Betty, Hi! You found Betty! Oh my god! This is great. Everybody I love is in the same room, Where's Joey?
Yeah. Well, uhm... listen he was supposed to get a weekend furlough, so he'd come to the wedding tomorrow, but he just called and... uhm... well, apparently stabbing Iceman in the exercise yard just couldn't wait till Monday.
...sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle;and away they all flew like the down of a thistle; but I heard him exclaim, ere he drove out of sight, "Merry Christmas to all, and to all a goodnight!"
They're tiny and chubby and so sweet to touch, and soon they'll grow up and resent you so much. Now they're yelling at you and you don't know why, you cry and you cry and you cry. And you cry and you cry and you cry...
I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm used to playing for grown-ups. Ya know, they just, grown-ups drink their coffee and do their grown-up thing, ya know, and kids listen. This is a huge responsibility. What? Are you gonna kiss me?
My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how loud they are!
I think it's just y'know that I haven't been with a guy in so long and how sometimes you're looking for something and you just don't even see that it's right there in front of you sipping coffee-Oh no, have I said to much? Well it's just something to think about. I know I will.
Okay, stop tormenting me! This mink! Okay, they're mean! And they hate squirrels! And y'know, okay, most of these probably wanted to be coats! All right, fine, now I get it. Here. You take it. Are you happy now? I'm cold!
What?! He was with her when he wrote this poem. Look, 'My vessel so empty with nothing inside. Now that I've touched you, you seem emptier still.' He thinks Monica is empty, she is the empty vase!
Yeah, maybe, yeah. You know, and, and I'll knock on the door and, and he'll hug me and I'll have a dad. Ya know and I'll, I'll go to his pharmacy and everyone will be really nice to me 'cause, you know, I'm Franks daughter.
Yeah, I like Vince a lot, y'know? But, it's just Jason's so sensitive, y'know? And in the long run, I think sensitive it's just better than having just like a really, really, really nice butt. Jason! Definitely Jason! Okay, wish me luck!
No! Because he's in love with the British chippy! Look, Rachel, if you go, you're just gonna mess with his head and ruin his wedding! Y'know, it's too late! You missed you're chance! I'm sorry, I know this must be really hard, it's over.
Oh, come on! Yes, remember that time on the frozen lake? We were playing chess, you said I was boring, and then you took off your energy mask and you were Cameron Diaz! Okay, there's a chance this may have been a dream.
I just-I just started walking around not knowing what to do next, y'know? I-I started asking people on the street if they wanted massages. Then these policemen, thought I was a whore too. It's been a really bad day, whore wise.
Yeah, I can't say that. uhm... Susie, I'm gonna be straight with you... Mike and I are back together... and uhm... unfortunately that effectively ends your relationship with him. And he's very sorry about that and wishes you the best of luck in all your endeavours.
Ok. I mean I know I did the right thing. You know, Mike never wants to get married and I shouldn't be in a relationship that has no future... but... pretty soon I'm gonna miss him so much. I'm gonna wanna see him again and you have to stop me from doing that.
I found you in my bed! How'd you whined up there? You are a mystery! Little black curly hair! Little black curly hair! Little black, little black, little black, little black, little black curly hair............
Good. It's just so hard, it's hard for me to ... let them go. I guess it just brings back memories, you know, from ... when I gave birth to my brother's triplets and I had to give them up. I haven't told you about that yet, have I?
Yeah, I should probably take it back. Ooh, but you know what? While I'm at the police station, I could check their Ten Most Wanted lists because my friend Fritzy has been like number 11 forever, so this could be her year!
Ooh, I can't do this. My mom was right. If I can't-if I can't give him up, then there's no way I can give up a baby. Ohh, God, Frank and Alice are gonna be so crushed. What-what else, what else can I give 'em-a kidney!
What if the husband person is the wrong guy, and you are the right guy. I mean you don't get chances like this all the time, if you don't meet her now, you're gonna be kicking yourself when your 80, which is hard to do, and that's how you break a hip.
Oh, I'm still mad at them but I also now that they bring happiness to lots of kids who's moms didn't kill themselves, so by supporting them, I'm doing a good thing, but I'm not happy about it. So there, a selfless good deed.
I know! So this woman probably could like have all kinds of stories about my parents, and she might even know like where my Dad is. So I looked her up, and she lives out by the beach. So maybe this weekend we could go to the beach?
All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. Just-just, you know, the-the lovely waterfalls, and the, the trickling fountains. And the-the calming sounds of the babbling brook....
Oh... Mike's sister just invited me to a party tonight, he's gonna be there. And she was like "Oh, don't worry! I asked him. He's totally ok with seeing you!". So now I have to go so he'll think that I'm totally ok with seeing him!
...and then it goes back to the chorus... Smelly cat, Sme-lly ca-t / I-t's not your fau-lt. And that's the end of the song... I realise that you didn't ask to hear it, but uhm... no-one had spoken in seventeen minutes.
No, it's just like, ya know, it's a whole mess of stuff, ya know. It's like, yesterday, ya know, my dad was this, like, famous Burma tree surgeon guy and, ya know, now he's a, a pharmacist guy and. . .
Well, I'm going to the dentist, so listen, okay, just be on the look out for anything that, that, that you can fall into, or, or that can fall on you, or... All right, just look out! Okay, And um, I also just wanna, I just wanna tell you all that um......
Oh. It's just so unexpected! I...I uh...Boy I'll tell you it's just such an honor to be nominated for a Nobel Prize and y'know to win one for a massage. Especially after having just won a Tony award for best actress in...
Okay. Ooh, I'm setting the phone down. But I'm still here! Just don't go anywhere I'm still here. Don't-don't switch or anything, 'cause I'm, I'm right here. Just one sec. One sec! One second!! Wait! One second! Just...
Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine'...
But, I mean, do you think he's gonna enjoy it when he's up to his elbows in the diapers from all the babies they have to have right away?! This is not fair to Frank, and it-it's not fair to the babies, and y'know what, it's not good home economics.
When I was growing up, I didn't have a normal mom and dad, or a regular family like everybody else, and I always knew that something was missing. But now I'm standing here today, knowing that I have everything I'm ever gonna need... You are my family.
I did it! One mile on a hippity-hop! That's it!! That's everything I wanted to do before I was thirty. Oh, except I wanted to patch things up with my sister. But oh well. Yay!! And-and girls this thing is a Godsend if you know what I mean.
Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!! So I-I mean so in a few months I'm going to have three full grown babies just walkin' around inside me?! Oh! Oh! And it's gonna be one of those log rides where they just come shooting out!
Ha-ha, that's great, ha-ha. I can't wait to hear the rest of it, ya know, but I really have to go to the bathroom so... Hey, come with me. Yeah, yeah, it'll be like we're gal pals, ya know, like at a restraunt. Oh, it'll be fun, c'mon.
Speaking of Christmas, umm since Monica and I are starting a new business and have like no money, umm, this year maybe we could do secret Santa, and then we each only buy one gift. And-and there's the added mystery of who gets who.
Oh, just think... she's gonna be watching that video on a TV that hasn't even been invented yet! With friends who right now are just like babies! And they'll be living in a floating city that the humans built to escape the ant people!
Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know... you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh! paying taxes!
No! Think about it okay? This isn't even my regular job! Okay? And my first day on the job, you're my first call! And-and somebody else might've hung up on you, but I wouldn't do that because I know about this stuff. My mom killed herself.
Well, I've been reading up and for your information, minks are not very nice. Okay, I admit it! I love this coat! Okay, I-it's the best thing I've ever had wrapped around me, including Phil Huntley! Remember Phil Huntley? He was fine!
You got problems because of you! Not your name! All right, this has got to stop! Chandler is a great name! In fact-yes, I'm, I'm sorry. I know you really wanted me to name the baby Joey, but eh, so, I'm-I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna name the baby Chandler.
Well, it was just, it was all so crazy, you know. I mean, Chandler was in the closet, counting to 10, and he was up to 7 and I hadn't found a place to hide yet. I-I-I meant to tell you, and I wrote it all down on my hand. See, all of it.
Yeah, okay, I've-I've been dating both of you, and it's been really horrible. 'Cause y'know it's been a lot of fun, for me. Umm, but I-I like you both, and I, and I didn't know how to chose, so... I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm terrible, I'm a terrible person. I'm terrible.
Well, but thats what he was for me. And she you know, kind of stole him away, and then... broke his heart... and then he wouldnt even talk to me any more. Because he said he didnt wanna be around... anything that looked like either one of us.
Have you thought about what you would be giving up? You can't move out of the city, what if you want Chinese food at 5am? Or a fake Rolex that breaks as soon as it rains or an Asian hooker sent right to your door?
I can't. I can't. She dumped me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was 'Okay, bye Pheebs' gone. Y'know what the saddest part is, when we were playing together, that was like the most fun I've ever had in like all my lives.
This is fashion?! Okay, so to you, death is fashion?! That's really funny. Here's Phoebe umm, sporting uh, y'know, cutting edge hairy carcass from y'know, the steal traps of wintry Russia. I mean, you really thing this looks good? 'Cause I do.
No. This whole like playing-for-money thing is so not good for me. You know, I don't know, when I sang "Su-Su-Suicide", I got a dollar seventy-five. But then, "Smelly Cat", I got 25 cents and a condom. So you know, now I just feel really bad for Smelly Cat.
Yeah. 'Hello. Oh my God, I totally forgot! Well can't someone else do it. But, I have company. Yeah, no look, that's all right I'll come in.' Um, Frank, I'm really sorry but I have to go to work. It's-it's one of my regulars and he's insisting that I do 'um.
That's right, exactly. All right, it's a good bye kiss, that's good. Bye-bye. Okay, no, the important thing is that you see what I'm saying, y'know, just y'know, this is clearly wrong. Okay, I've decided I'm gonna let this happen! Okay, can I just get my purse? Okay, all right, good. .
Yeah, it's weird. I can't help it though he's so sweet, he's like this little puppy dog, y'know? But like a really tough one that shots bad guys. Ohh, I just love beginning parts of relationships, y'know?! You just like can't keep your hands off each other.
Okay, 'cause right after my mom killed herself, I was just in this really bad place, y'know personally. So, I just thought that it'd make me feel better if I wrote to Sesame Street, 'cause they were so nice when I was a little kid! No one ever wrote back.
Yeah, and I'm so, so sorry, Ross, I'm sorry, but, you know, if you think about it, it's kinda neat. I mean, well, it's just that I I've always felt kinda like an outsider, you know, the rest of you have these connections that go way back and, you know, now, you and I have... have a great one!
Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic beans. And then he woke up, and there was this, this big plant outside his window, full of possibilities and stuff.. And he lived in a village, and you live in the Village..
Okay. You know how people need transportation, but they also need massages to help them relax so I just figured we could combine the two, okay, I give the massages and Frank drives! I can fix up the van, bolt the table in the back, and you know what I've got?
Well, I'm not sure. I mean, I guess until she y'know, gets used to the fact that there's y'know, a new mom. Y'know, I think she's worried that y'know, she's gonna, she's gonna be replaced. Well, that's not gonna happen is it? Noo. Okay, I have to return a call in the other room.
No, look, I told you that I didn't want you to try and sell it, and you just, you big fat did it anyway. God, y'know what, I think five years ago I probably would've done anything to play with you but, I can do it by myself. And if I can't trust you then just forget it.
Okay, so maybe you don't get her a ring. Maybe you-maybe you do something different. Y'know? Maybe you get her an engagement bracelet, y'know? Or an engagement tiara? Or-ooh! An engagement Revolutionary War musket! (Picks one up from the display in the corner.
No, 'cause she didn't tell me I was gonna die until the very end of the session, and I was not gonna waste a whole another hour there! I mean I've only got a week left, y'know? I've really gotta start living now! , leans back, and starts reading.)
Well okay, let this be a lesson to all of you, all right. Once you, once you betray me, I become like the ice woman, y'know. Very cold, hard, unyielding, y'know nothing, nothing can penetrate this icy exterior. Can I have a tissue, please?
No, I'm really okay with this. Y'know why? 'Cause look at them, and I made that, so... I know it's gonna be like a million times harder to give up a baby but, oh my God, it's gonna feel like a million times better, right? I wanna do this. I wanna carry your baby.
What, what's about to happen? I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watcha doin' with that gun? Oh no, no no Travis, put down the gun. No no no no, he he's your buddy, he's your Yeller, no, no no, the end, THE END.
OK. Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat OK, sorry. I'm just, I'm just not getting that everyone um, gets how smelly this cat acually is. I just think that maybe if we could talk about this, 'cause I need to feel that you really care about the cat.
Ok, um, we haven't known each other for that long a time, and, um, there are three things that you should know about me. One, my friends are the most important thing in my life, two, I never lie, and three, I make the best oatmeal raisin cookies in the world.
Yeah, but then Jacques Cousteau came and he kicked his ass for betraying me! It was soo cool! Then, he took me diving and he introduced me to his pet seahorse, who, by the way, was totally coming on to me, and please, that is not gonna happen.
Yeah, so I said, "OK, relax please," y'know, I mean, sex can be just about two people right there in the moment, y'know, it's, if he wants to see me again he can call and if not, that's fine too. So after a looooot of talking. . . I convinced him.
Hang on! Hang on! Hang on! Go!! Who's this? Oh okay, you're gonna like working for me. What's your name? What kind of name is Brendy? I... Whatever... Stop talking! All right, from now on your name is Joan. You can pick your own last name.
All right, I will. No, I will. But umm, y'know just remember that it's still really early, okay so, if it says that I'm not pregnant, that doesn't mean that I'm not gonna get pregnant, okay and, and just please, just so I don't go completely nuts, just try not put all your hopes on this.
Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'
No. wh - get off your sister! Oh my god, what are we gonna do? We have 7 rats. So what if each of them has 7 rats? And then each of those have 7 rats? That's like ... That's math I can't even do! What are we gonna do?
Well, 'cause, I mean, what if, what if he's not this great dad guy? I mean, what if, what if he's just still the dirtbag who ran out on my mom and us? You know what? I've already lost a fake dad this week and I don't think I'm ready to lose a real one.
Here you go. You know what, I just have one more question, um, if you had figured this out sooner and um, I had been around, do you think that I would have been the one who. . . no, um, I'm sorry, don't tell me, I don't th ink either answer would make me feel better.
We, you know, we're different! We don't care about having a huge party. This is really nice for you, but, oh, please, I put this on? And, ow, I look , why, well, radiant. All right, well, who cares, I don't need a pretty veil and a fancy dress.
Well, you promised me a fun road trip! We've been on the road six hours and you've been asleep for five and a half! We are switching at the next rest stop and you are going to drive all the way back! That will be your punishment, you greedy sleeper!
Ohh that's so sweet! Oh! Hang on! Hang onnnnnn!!! Go!! No! No-no! I said sell when it hits 50! 5-0, it's a number! It comes after 4-9!! No, it's okay. It's okay, you're allowed one mistake. Just kidding, you are of course fired.
Ooh, if you take the northern route there's a man in Illinois with a beard of bees. {Okay, I must protest this, I've lived in Illinois all my life and know of no man with a beard of bees! Wisconsin, on the other hand, might be a different story.}
Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didn't feel like getting up. Okay, I'm gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you're going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.
Oh my God! Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache-Headache. Vomiting, stomach bleeding, liver damage! Now okay, I don't recall any of this coming up when you gave me these little death capsules! Oh I'm sorry, extra strength death capsules!
Oh, okay that explains it. I got a call at two in the morning, but all I could hear was, like, this high squeaky sound, so I thought okay its like a mouse or a opossum. But then I realized where would a mouse or a opossum get the money to make the phone call.
Today we're gonna start with some songs about barnyard animals. Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo, Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo. Then the farmer hits him on the head and grinds him up, And that's how we get hamburgers. Nooowww, chickens!
Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. There are children coming into the world in this very building and your negative fighting noises are not the first thing they should be hearing. So just stop all the yelling, just stop it!
Okay, first I'm not crazy. And second, say it don't spray it. Anyway his name is Malcom, and he wasn't following me, I mean he was, but 'cause he thought I was Ursula, ick. And, that's why, that's why he couldn't just come up and talk to me. 'Cause of the restraining order.
'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did you speak to in my office? Estelle, no, I don't know what I'm going to do with her. No. All right, so your husband leaves and burns down the apartment, the world does not stop.'
Yeah, I dreamt that he saved me from a burning building and he was so brave and so strong! And it's making me look at him totally differently. Y'know, I mean he used to be just, y'know "Jack Geller Monica and Ross's dad" and now he's he's "Jack Geller, dream hunk."
We're just... we're trying to figure out an excuse. Hey! Ooh! How about this: We can say that Monica told us 5 o'clock, not 4 o'clock. That way we're right on time! OR... or, we can plant PCP in the apartment and call the cops on her.
Yeah, from now on everyone you lurk, I'm gonna lurk first! You move on to someone else, I'm gonna be one step ahead of you, every single time! And then I'll be on your ass every hour of every day 'til Monday, because that's when I go home. When do you leave?
Oh, yeah! Okay! Great! Go, man, go put on your shoes, and, and march out there and meet her! Oh, wait, no, no you have to take a shower, 'cause, eww. No, you know what you have to answer her, answer her first. No, no, you know what make some coffee 'cause its too much.
Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair straightener started the fire but I think I'm partly at fault. You see, I didn't, I didn't tell you but umm, but I-I had recently refilled the tissues and so y'know let's just face it, that's just kindling! So I think it's better that I stay at Joey's.
Well, Frank has to quit college because his super fertile sister is having three babies! I need to make a lot of money really fast, and I had an idea that I want to talk to you about, 'cause you work for a big company. Okay, insider trading, what information is there that you can give me.
Yeah, but there's a two-year wait. And then what if you get engaged in two years and then you got to wait another two years for this place. That's four years. Chandler's not gonna wait that long. He's gonna find somebody else, y'know? Someone, someone who did put their name on the list.
Well, we didn't have a lot of money. But the girl across the street had the best bike! It was pink and it had rainbow colored tassels hanging off the handle grips, and-and-and a bell and this big, white wicker basket with those plastic daisies stuck on.
I cannot believe I can't find a selfless good deed! Y'know that old guy that lives next to me? Well, I snuck over there and-and raked up all the leaves on his front stoop. But he caught me and force-fed me cider and cookies. Then I felt wonderful. That old jackass!
Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she climbed up the fire escape and she tapped on the window with her teeny little paw and then we ran to let her in... I went to far, didn't I? When should I have stopped?
No. No, I won't. But I should tell you this, this exact same thing happened to my roommate Denise. She moved in with a guy who was secretly married to her and he said he didn't love her, but he really did, and it just blew up! And that's how she ended up living with me! Okay, that's a lie.
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! Hey!!! Look what you're doing to Chandler!! Yeah, look, we know this is really, really hard for you guys. Okay? You don't, all right you don't have to love each other, okay? You don't, you don't even have to like each other much right now. But please, you have to figure out a way to be around each other.
"Crazy underwear, creepin' up my butt. Crazy underwear, always in a rut. Crazy under--wear..." Oh No! What is he doing here? All right, just keep playing, just keep playing. You'll get through this; you'll be fine. Okay, thank you. And, as always no one talk to me after the show.
No, I don't think this was your shot. I mean, I don't even think you just get one shot. I really believe big things are gonna happen for you, I do! You've gotta just keep thinking about the day that some kid is gonna run up to his friends and go 'I got the part! I got the part! I'm gonna be Joey Tribbiani's ass!'.
Okay, baseball. Rick, playing baseball. Okay, slides into second, maybe even his pants come down a little... Oh no-wait no, no! No! Okay, all right, sandwiches, sandwiches. Umm, okay, on a plate, maybe Rick's pants come down a little. No! No! Okay, Chandler! Okay Chandler, ooh, that's working.
It only takes two heart attacks to finally make you see.../One of them won't do it, but the second one will set you free.../Tell all your hate and anger, it's time to say good-bye.../And that is just what I will do, soon as those bastards I work for die!/La, la-la-la, la-la-la-la, la-la-la, la-la-la......
Its mostly just dumb sister stuff, you know, I mean, like, everyone always thought of her as the pretty one, you know... Oh, oh, she was the first one to start walking, even though I did it... later that same day. But, to my parents, by then it was like "yeah, right, well what else is new?"
Shhh! I'm on a call! Umm well yeah, you can pick it up tonight, say 8:30? At-at my apartment. It's umm, it's umm 5 Morton Street, Apartment 14, umm and then maybe y'know after we can grab a bite to eat or whatever. Okay, well okay I'll see you then. Bye.
Look, Precious... Mike's not worth this. You're an attractive, intelligent woman and let's face it, Mike's kind of a wang. I mean, he proposed to me while he was still seeing you... He was gonna break-up with you on your birthday? And, I don't like to kiss-and-tell, but he cheated on you a lot this weekend.
I would love it. Consider it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose, I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who hides it in the cake.
Whoa!! He is soo unreasonable! God, although I think I understand what he means. Oh my God, this is like 60 Minutes, okay, when, when, at first you're really mad at that pharmaceutical company for making the drug and then y'know you just feel bad for the people because they needed to make their hair grow.
Oh, this is like the best day ever. Ever! You guys might get back together, Monica and Chandler are getting their baby, there are chicks and ducks in the world again! Oh, I feel like I'm in a musical! "Daa - raa... When the sun comes up, bright and beaming! And the moon comes..."
Well look, you don't really like the one from uptown and you're too exhausted from dating the one up in Poughkeepsie, so I say you just end them both. Okay? You take a train up to Poughkeepsie and break up with her, and on your way back you break up with uptown. And then by the time you get home tonight, you're done!
you know maybe this is a wake up call, about your whole dating attitude. Your in your thirty's and you've never had a serious relationship and you have never been in a long term relationship, here you go from woman to woman, meaningless experience to meaningless experience never even worrying that it doesn't tern into anything serious.
You just abandoned your whole belief system. I mean, before, I didn't agree with you, but at least I respected you. How, how, how are you going to go into work tomorrow? How, how are you going to face the other science guys? How, how are you going to face yourself? Oh! That was fun. So who's hungry?
'Okay, go ahead.' Um, hi Annie. Fantastic! You got it. Oh, okay, um, 'Will he work for scale?' you ask me. Well, I don't know about that, except that I do and he will. Great, oh you are such a sweetheart. I would love to have lunch with you, how about we have lunch next.... Op, went through a tunnel.
well there is no Vicrum, Ross made him up because I never really have been in a long-term relationship, I've never lived with a guy, and I've never even celebrated an anniversary so. if that's too weird for you and you wanna leave I totally understand. In fact I'll close my eye's make it less awkward You kissed me.
'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this- -football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone!
No, huh uh, I'm sorry, no. No, I'm not some like sloppy second, charity band. You know what, there are thousands of places in this city where people would be happy to pay to hear me play. When I play, I play for me, I don't need your charity. Thank you! La la la la la la la....
Wait, you know what, I got a little story. When I was in Junior High School I went through this period where I thought I was a witch. And there was this guidance counselor who said something to me, that I think will help you a lot. He said okay, 'you're not a witch you're just an average student.' See what I'm saying?
Pay the caterer! Look, I've had a lot of jobs, okay, and there are some people who just always try to get out of paying. It's either, you know, "that massage wasn't long enough, or, "I don't recognize any of those songs," or, you know, "these sombreros aren't big enough. Bad little white girl!"
Yeah, oh I'm sorry, it must be really hard to hear! I tell ya, it's a lot easier having three babies play Bringing in the Noise, Bringing in da Funk on your bladder! I'm so sick of being pregnant! The only happiness I get is from a cup of coffee, which of course is decaf, 'cause-Oh! I'm pregnant!
No Dr. Skeptismo! I'm sure. First of all, okay, there's the feeling. Okay, and for another, how about the fact that she went into my guitar case which is lined with orange felt. My Mother's favourite fish is Orange Roughy... Cats....like....fish! Hi, Mommy. Oh, I haven't seen this smile in 17 years!
Okay, umm, if a kid gets straight A's, his parents would say, "Yeah, he pulled a Monica." Y'know? Or a fireman saves a baby, and they go, "Yeah I know, he pulled a Monica." Or someone hits a homerun and the announcer says, "Yeah, that one's outta here." Though some things don't change.
Probably? Yeah, I don't like that word. Kind of what 'probably' really means. Yeah, uh-huh. Yeah, oh, "Your mom probably won't kill herself," y'know? I'm sorry, but I'm not hanging all my hopes of Rachel and I living together on-on "Probably!" Y'know? You gotta take care of yourselves! In this world history teaches us nothing!
Umm, okay, okay, look. I took this picture from your fridge. Okay, because I know that this is my Father. Yeah, this is Frank Buffay and you are standing right there next to him. Now, look I deserve to know where I came from. All right? So if you can help me find my Father then you should! Otherwise, you're just mean! So, just tell me the truth!
Okay, Lesson One: Chords. Now, I Don'T Know The Actual Names Of The Chords But Umm, I-I-I Made Up Names For The Way My Hand Looks While I'M Doing Them. So then, this is Bear Claw. Okay, umm, Turkey Leg and Old Lady.
That's right, I've prepared a song for Emma. From my heart to hers. For there's no greater gift, than the gift of music. Emma! Your name poses a dilemma. 'Cause not much else rhymes with Emma! Maybe the actor Richard Crenna, he played the commanding officer in Rambo. Happy birthday Emma!
No, no, it's not your fault. You know it's partly my fault, 'cause I made you quit cold turkey. Sorry, no. Okay, well, I mean, I can't date you anymore, 'cause your, you know Wow! But um, but I will definitely, definitely help you get over my sister. Okay, stalk me for a while. Huh? Yeah, and, and, and, I'll be like an Ursula patch.
No he won't. And that's not even the point! Monica, I made a whole speech about you do not cancel plans with friends! And now y'know what? Just because, potentially, the love of my life comes back from Russia just for one night, I-I should change my beliefs?! I should change beliefs! No! No! No, if I don't have my principles, I don't have anything!
He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious.
Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's not on purpose. Oh, except the last verse of Pepper People. Smelly cat, smelly cat. What are they feeding you? This chick sounds good. Smelly cat, smelly-- Hey Gunther, be a good little boy and bring me a whiskey.
Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's tearing me apart, but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say 'no! No! I can't understand that!'.
Excuse me. Excuse me! Thanks. Um, clearly this is a very, very hard time for you. Um, but, um, we provided a service, and we deserve to be paid because you ate that service, and, um, we are not leaving here until we're paid every penny. 'Cause you know what, lady? We're part time caterers, and we have no place else to go.
Ok, Ben, this is the part where Ernie buries Bert in the sand and can't find him. Now, I've looked ahead on the tape and he does find him again. But, ok, before that happens, there's some pretty rough goin' for a while but I think we can handle it. And, there's just the alphabet but we know that ends well so. Ok, here we go.
That's okay Rachel. I'm not judging you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run like I did when I was a kid, cause that's the only way it's fun. Y'know, I mean didn't you ever run so fast you thought your legs were gonna fall off? Y'know, like when you were like running towards the swings or running away from Satan? The neighbor's dog.
yeah I've nothing to be ashamed of ok so I haven't been in a relationship that lasted longer then a month. Ok I haven't had a real boyfriend you know if he can't handle that he can leave. which he will and that's ok. so I'll just be alone forever you know alright I'll be. it'll be fine. it'll be fine. I'll go walking tours with widows and lesbians. Oh.
Um, yeah. Look, I mean, Im not saying shes like evil or anything. She just, you know, shes always breaking my stuff. When I was eight, and I wouldnt let her have my Judy Jetson thermos, so she threw it under the bus. And then, oh, and then there was Randy Brown, who was like... Have you ever had a boyfriend who was like your best friend?
"Went to the store, sat on Santa's lap./Asked him to bring my friends all kind of crap./Said all you need is to write them a song./They haven't heard it, so don't try and sing along./No, don't sing along./Monica, Moncia, have a happy Chanukah./Saw Santa Clause, he said hello to Ross./And plese tell Joey, Christmas will be snowy!/And Rachel and Chandler, have err-umm-glander!!"/Happy holidays, everybody!
You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was fourteen. My mom had just killed herself and my step-dad was back in prison, and I got here, and I didn't know anybody. And I ended up living with this albino guy who was, like, cleaning windshields outside port authority, and then he killed himself, and then I found aromatherapy. So believe me, I know exactly how you feel.
Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he's such a great guy. Here. Okay, now, close your eyes. And imagine that you're with Ross okay and imagine that you're kissing him. And you're-you're running your hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh gross it's some kind of grease, it's-uck! Hah?
Yeah, it's just so strange. I mean, she probably woke up today and thought, "ok, I'll have some breakfast, and then I'll take a little walk, and then I'll have my massage." Little did she know God was thinking, "Ok, but that's it." Oh, but the weirdest thing was, ok, I was cleansing her aura when she died, and when the spirit left her body, I don't think it went very far.
Oh, for god's sake, Judy, pick up the sock! Pick up the sock! Pick up the sock! I'm sorry, was that rude? Di-did my, my li-little outburst blunt the hideousness that is this evening? Look, I know, you all have a lot going on, but all I wanted to do was have dinner with my friends on my birthday. And you are all so late and you didn't even have the courtesy to call. Well, it's too late now.
Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.
I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the beast at the threshold, you know. It's just like, I have no family left, ya know. I mean except for my grandmother, you know, but let's face it, she's not gonna be around forever, despite what she says. And I have a sister who I've barely spoken to since we like shared a womb. I don't know, this is my real father and I just, I want things to be like just right.
Monica slow down! Ok? I'm just excited to be living with him. You know I mean, I don't know, Can I see someday being married to Mike? Sure! Yeah. Y'know..I can picture myself walking down the aisle in a wedding dress that highlights my breasts in an obvious yet classy way. But do I want that house in Connecticut...you know..near the good schools where Mike and I can send Sophie and Mike Junior.. Oh my god I do.
There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress this point too strongly, this story isn't real. Now our Neil must decide, who will be the girl that he casts aside. Will Betty be the one who he loves truly? Or will it be the one who we'll call Ju...Loolie? He must decide, he must decide, even though I made him up, he must decide!
OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. Now, grandma's a person who everyone likes, she bought you a train and a bright, shiny bike. But lately she hasn't been coming to dinner, And last time you saw her she looked so much thinner. Now, your mom and your dad said she moved to Peru, but the truth is she died and some day you will too. La-la-la la la-la-la la la-la-la la...
I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfather went to jail, so I barely had enough pieces of parents to make one whole one. And here's this little baby who has like three whole parents who care about it so much that they're fighting over who gets to love it the most. And it's not even born yet. It's just, it's just the luckiest baby in the whole world. I'm sorry, you were fighting.
Hey, that's not fair! A person's wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn't have a graduation party! And I didn't go to Prom. And I spent my sweet sixteen being chased round a tire yard by an escaped mental patient who is his own words wanted to "kill me" or whatever. So I deserve a real celebration and I am not gonna let some sweaty little man make me feel badly about it.
Ok, Ross, could you just open your mind like this much, ok? Wasn't there a time when the brightest minds in the world believed that the world was flat? And, up until like what, 50 years ago, you all thought the atom was the smallest thing, until you split it open, and this like, whole mess of crap came out. Now, are you telling me that you are so unbelievably arrogant that you can't admit that there's a teeny tiny possibility that you could be wrong about this?
Well I have a video, you have to pay attention. No this, this voice woman, she's so talented but, according to the producer people, they said she doesn't have like the right look or something, ya know. I mean, it's like, she's like one of those an imals at the pound who like nobody wants 'cause they're not pretty enough or you know. Like, like some old dog who's just kind of like stinky and. Huuuuh, oh my God, she's smelly cat. Oh, oh that song has so many levels.
Hello, tiny embryos. Well, I'm-I'm Phoebe Buffay, hi! I'm-I'm-I'm hoping to be your uterus for the next nine months. You should know, that we're doing this for Frank and Alice, who you know, you've been there! Umm, y'know they want you so much, so when you guys get in there, really grab on. Okay, and-and I promise that I'll keep you safe and warm until you're ready to have them take you home, so... Oh! And also, umm next time you see me, I'm screaming, don't worry, that's what's supposed to happen.
So, here you are. It seems like yesterday I was talking to you in that little petri dish. Everyone said labor was the hardest thing I'd ever have to do, but they were wrong this is. Oh, I had the most fun with you guys! I wish I could take you home and see you everyday. Okay, I'll settle for being your favorite Aunt. I know Alice's sister has a pool, but you lived in me. Okay, so we're cool. Yeah, we're gonna be great. Little high fives! Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! Well, if you're gonna cry.
So here is a, a very special holiday song that I wrote for some very important people to me. "Went to the store, sat on Santa's lap. Asked him to bring my friends all kinds of crap. Said all you need is to write them a song. Now, you haven't heard it yet, so don't try to sing along. No, don't sing along. Monica, Moncia, have a happy Hanukkah. Saw Santa Claus, he said hello to Ross. And please tell Joey, Christmas will be snowy! And Rachel and Chandler, have err-umm-glander!!" Happy holidays, everybody!
Uhm... Okay, well, allright, uhm... Originally I'm from upstate, but uhm... then my mom killed herself and my stepdad went to prison, so... I just moved to the city where uhm... I actually lived in a burned out Buick LeSabre for a while... which was okay, that was okay, until uhm... I got hepatitis, you know, 'cause this pimp spit in my mouth and... but I... I got over it and uhm... anyway, now I'm uhm... a freelance massage therapist, uhm... which, you know, isn't always steady money but at least I don't pay taxes, huh... So... where does everyone summer?
And... moment's over! So, ok, uh, I can forget that. I can forget that and uhm... Oh this is funny! Oh, but you need to know that to... that, to... Oh, ok, well, uhm, I . Ok, ok, I, ok, I.... MONICA I CAN'T DO IT LIKE THIS! THIS IS MY WEDDING! OKAY, I DON'T WANT THIS OR THIS OR THIS OK? I JUST WANTED A SIMPLE WEDDING! WHERE MY FIANCEE CAN GO TO THE BATHROOM ANYTIME HE WANTS! You know what? You're done.
Ok, so this is pretty much what's happened so far. Ross was in love with Rachel since, you know, forever, but every time he tried to tell her, something kind of got in the way, like cats, and Italian guys. Finally Chandler was like "forget about her" but when Ross was in China on his dig, Chandler let it slip that Ross was in love with Rachel. She was like, "Oh my god." So she went to the airport to meet him when he came back, but what she didn't know was, that Ross was getting off the plane with another woman. Uh-Oh! So, that's pretty much everything you need to know. But, enough about us. So, how've you been?
Ok. Hello everyone and thank you all for being here tonight. So tomorrow's the big event and some of you might not know, but Mike and I didn't get off to the best start. . My friend Joey and I decided to fix each other up with friends so I, I... oh I... hum... I gave it a lot of thought and I fixed him up with my friend Mary Ellen who couldn't be here tonight because... it's not important... she is in rehab. Anyway, so, ok, Joey said that he was fixing me up with his friend Mike, only he didn't have a friend Mike so he just brought, uhm, my Mike and, and but despite, you know... it got... it got good. Ok, I wanna take a moment to mention my mother, who couldn't be here...
Me taking care of you is no problem, huh? You guys feel safe. Right? Okay, I'm gonna take that spit bubble as, "Yeah, I do!" Okay, after I get rid of this dirty diaper Leslie, I'll set you up with a clean one. Okay, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you. I just have to clean that up. Okay? 'Cause let's face it, we're at Monica's. I broke it. All right. Well, that's just the way that goes. Okay, good. Why are there only two of you? Where is Leslie? Well, you can't answer. Leslie? Where are you Leslie? Leslie, now would be a good time for your first words! Well, look at you! Hey! You are a little bit mischievous! My gosh! Oh, you're a lot mischievous! Well, it'll dry. Okay, you sit with your brother and sister now-who aren't there!
All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who here likes Ross? Of course you don't like him! He-he didn't give you any money, he raised his own hand when I asked, "Who hear likes Ross," and he's wearing two nametags! I-I'll be honest with you guys, when I first met Ross I didn't like him at all! But then once I got to know him I saw that he's really sweet and caring and very generous. I mean, all I'm saying is don't judge Ross before you get to know him all right? I mean, I like all you guys now, but when I first meet you y'know Kurt, I thought, y'know abrasive drunk, umm Lola, mind numbingly stupid! And okay, you guys Gold-digger, cradle robbing perv! So, I think you all know what I mean.
