Oh, my-my new assistant has very happy that I hired my new assistant.
Alright! Let's just do it. Let's just go over there and see if she heard.
No! No, I am not getting in a car with Ross, we will just have to live here!
Oh my God! Did you check your entire desk! Did you check all the drawers!
I'm Monica's maid of honor. Okay? Don't try to blue pin me!
And I also wanted you guys to know that I am telling the father today. What? What? What?
What? No! It's not a big deal! I do that too, with my shampoo bottle.
OK Julie, so now let's start with your childhood, what was that like?
Well I can do whatever I want! I made her! Come on little girl, hi!
Well y'know, we have 7 people and like 10 pizzas, what do you think?
So, you had a good day huh? Big commission; picked up a daddy.
Isn't this amazing? I mean, I have never made coffee before in my entire life.
I know I had it this morning, and I know I had it when I was in the kitchen with...
What?! What?! He was trying to cheer me up! My pony was sick.
Well, don't look at me! My hair's straight! Straight! Straight! Straight!
Well that-y'know it's just uh, I've never done that before. Me and him alone.
I can get a quick bite to eat, but then I have to come back up here.
And you weren't going to tell us? How did you think you were gonna get away with that?
Well, I've been up since six. Thanks to somebody's dumb-ass rooster.
You know the book says that whenever she's sleeping I should be sleeping so...
Just a minute!!! Look at you guys! Wow! You are a very scary witch.
Oh Amy, don't cry Amy. Um.. Ross, could I talk to you in private?
Hey Joey, what would you do if someone that you slept with told you that she was pregnant?
I don't know! But maybe if we keep that drawer shut, it'll die.
Okay please, you're kidding right?! I wrote that one as a joke for you!
Ross, you are so pathetic. Why can't your son just play with his doll?
You want me to just quit my job so that you can feel like you've got a girlfriend?
No, see this isn't about the movie theatre, this is about you stealing my wind.
: Thank you. : I saw your twenty-five, and I raise you... seven.
Yeah so get ready to hear alot of ehm...boohaki, goshdarnit and brotherpucker.
Oh he's dusting me with a fossil brush. He thought it would be funny.
So I hear the Ralph Lauren fooled around with someone in the copy room.
Wow, this is so cool, you guys. The entire city is blacked out!
Ohh... Oh, honey here. Take it all. Monica! We need more candy?
Oh that's not important. The point is, I really-I think everything's gonna be okay.
I don't know. What do you mean last night? Nothing, nothing uh, happened last night.
We're just really...very excited about this charity event that we have to go to.
Oh, stop that! Don't kid about that! Will all the stars be there?
Okay please tell me that this is just one of your jokes that you do that I don't get.
Yeah, honey, maybe you can talk to somebody who's had a baby. Like your mom?
What? Come on, you do what you want to do. Do we always have to do everything together?
Now that you're on you're own, you're free to look as stupid as you like.
Yes, I know! And Joey knows! But Ross doesn't know so you have to stop screaming!!
Oh. Well then, you better go take that back because they're gonna charge you for that.
Hey. I've got something that's gonna make you happy. Guess what Gunther found?
Wha!? What!? Come on! I found the hardware store all by myself!
No, I'm just kidding I would never do that to you! Okay, everybody, it's trifle time!
Okay... Let me put it this way. Anything from Crabtree and Evelyn?
I'm sorry, I was just reading the joke below it. Man, that one is funny.
Oh, that's what this is all about? Did you bring her up here to get back at me?
That sounds like a plan. Umm, is there a place I can go freshen up?
Yeah, I-I-I just pulled the tab and I just fogged his yeti ass!
Well uh, his answering machine was very understanding. Ugh. I feel blue.
But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon!
Hey! Ross and I were looking for you! What are we all doing in here? Oh, my!
And last year is that why you sent us to that medieval times restaurant?
So, it's pretty late, you're probably uh, not still planning on. . .
I ah... Oh! I'll squeeze you fresh orange juice every morning!
Did I say I was done guessing? Okay, thank you for that. Oh wow! What's this?
Well that's gross, why don't you just take it outside and throw it in a dumpster?
Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment?
Oh we were, but that was just a , I mean that was just a big drunken mistake.
Well, I didn't see Joshua last night, but I did punch a girl in the face.
No, y'know what? Maybe somebody came in here and fixed it! Or something!
No. But she did give us some ideas on how to induce labor.
Hey. Whe-ell, look at you, finally got that time machine workin' huh?
Everybody, this is Paolo. Paolo, I want you to meet my friends. This is Monica.
Stop it! I will kill you. I hate the fact that my room is so small.
Hi! I'm Rachel. This is Phoebe. I'm the maid of honor. How do you know Monica?
So what?! Y'know what? The way I see it--Ow! Son of a bitch!!
Monica, what are you talking about? You don't know the first thing about the stock market.
No, you're right. Well, we'll find something. Let's just get you out of that. Come on.
I don't know, y'know? I feel a little umm... No, y'know what? Nevermind, I'm gonna be fine.
No, I have two sisters. But one of them has a very masculine energy.
Oh my God, it's so huge, but you just have to promise me that you cannot tell anyone.
Ohh, are you setting Ross up with someone? Does she have a wedding dress?
Oh yeah, sorry. Wait honey, so what did you do that made dad cut you off?
I don't care! I wanna meet this guy who's the best sex she ever had!
Ross, she still has not noticed that the baby's sock is on the ground.
Oh, ooh, everything looks delicious. What should I ha-ave? What should I have?
Wow! Look at that, Chip Matthews called. I wonder what he wants?
No, no-no-no. Phoebe, this was my fault and besides y'know what? I'm fine here.
Joey? Could you get that? What are you doing here? I thought you were in your room?
Oh no, wait a minute, wait, I've got a presentation tomorrow. I can't miss that.
Okay. So what? You guys would just like get together and like just say mean things about me?
Uh-huh, yeah I did, because I wore out my first copy when I was with you.
God. I forgot how much I love driving. I have got to get my license renewed.
Honey, why don't you sit down? Dina has something that she wants to tell you.
Yes, you did-Oh my God you didn't! Well then why didn't you tell me that before?!
And by the way, have I mentioned that back in high school, I was a cow?
Please! During that second time you couldn't have picked her out of a lineup!
Thanks, but I gotta go to work and get my eyes scratched out by Mindy.
Uh... You didn't propose to me, Chandler didn't propose to me, but Joey did.
Well uh, yes and no. Except not no. So to sum it up, yeah.
All right, y'know what, come on, do we really have to watch this while we eat?
Well, remember how we were too drunk to remember anything the night we were married?
All right, you know what? I am not leaving here, until you call that plane back!!
God, Ross, look, what you and I have is special, all Paolo and I ever had was...
Well, you know that my parents are out of town and Chip was going to come over...
I will wake you up in a way that's proved very popular in the past.
And so bad. I don't even know what you're talking about because I didn't ask you to do anything!
Ok, ok, so you're not a fan, but I mean, come on, you cannot do this to her.
Okay, well can't you just try it one more time Ross? For me? For me?
And you're gonna want him to eat his heart out so you're gonna have to look fabulous!
Ross! I just had a conversation with her, and she said that she and Joey made a deal!
Oh, yeah, I had too. There was never any parking by the Psychology building.
Uh, morning. Do you guys think you could close your eyes for just a sec?
Man, don't be surprised if her hands and her feet get bigger too!
Oh my God. Can you imagine if there was?! I mean, what would happen exactly.
Ohh! That's so sweet of you! Oh yum! Did you put pickles on this?
Honey, why is it hard, I mean we've been together for almost a year now?
Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler!
Wow, you know what? That is the best fake speech I think I've ever heard.
No! Forget it! I am not gonna ask Frank to give you one of his kids!!
If you like looking at butts so much why don't you just go look at a mirror?
Y'know I can't believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!
Oh hell, he's done this three times! He knows what its about!
That's great! Wow man, so Joey must've really taught you some stuff huh?
What future boyfriends? Nono, I th- I think this could be, y'know, it.
Oh, I am, my side still hurts from when you crashed into me yesterday.
Oh my God! Calling from Rome! Bon giorno, caro mio.
No! No, she's-She was nice. I mean, she's a little slutty, but who isn't?
Y'know what Chandler, you got yourself into those cuffs, you get yourself out of them.
No Phoebe! I just need you there for support. I haven't told him I'm pregnant yet.
And you've got lenses! But you hate sticking your finger in your eye!
I don't know. We were watching TV, and then he pooped in Monica's shoe-
Hello? Uh, Rachel. Great, someone is in our apartment. Call the cops!
Well then honey, buy the lamp! Hey, we have that 60 bucks from Ross.
Yeah, and none of these stupid grocery questions, real personal questions.
Perfect. Fasten your seatbelts, it's peepee time. Hey, Mr. Trib.
Monica, y'know what? The only reason I did that was because your party was so boring!
Wow, y'know if Joey and Chandler walked in right now, we could make a fortune!
Hey, nice pillow. So now tell me, is this genuine Muppet skin?
Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing!
Well yeah, I wish that you would. Well, no it's not in there! How about that drawer?
Please, make sure she comes. It's really important to me, I mean it's my mom!
Well, y'know, a little of this, a little of that. Got myself a date tomorrow night.
But I thought that ring stood for Caprice's undying love for her brother.
Yeah, and could you please chop some up and just put it right there in the sauce?
Monica and Chandler are really moving in here and I have to move out and everything is changing.
Look, you know what, I'm sorry, but did you really think that this was going well? What's up?
This is the worst date ever. How could you set me up with this creep?
Okay, oh, here's what you do. Just act like everything around you turns you on.
Yeah, when we're in the audience he doesn't talk to us, but he does wave.
Well, where is he? He is supposed to be here. What if the baby needs him?
Why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding?
All right, easy mimey, the moment has passed, it ain't gonna happen!
Okay Bobby, why don't we just come over here and let them have a little moment.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. And I mean, the connection, I mean y'know, emotionally, mentally, physically...
Oh yes! Thank you very much! Oh that's-that's actually how the French drink it.
No, you! Phoebe you freaked me out. You kept saying how huge this all is!
Okay, I'm just gonna go over the basic points just one more time, are you ready?
And I still have about five seconds to spare. Okay, that was about seven seconds.
ah ha ha. ah ha ha. It's forty five.
Really? Okay. Okay, I-I'll go upstairs. If-if you get me something from the car.
Remember I had to leave the room the other day when you had that roast chicken?
Yes, absolutely. I would wait and wait. . . then I'd wait some more.
Yeah, kicking a guy in the crotch all morning really takes it out of ya!
I just never thought I would raise this baby all by myself. Pretty dumb huh?
Hey you guys, this is my sister Amy. This is Chandler, Joey, Phoebe and you know Mon.
Umm, Chandler, you do realize that those ideas are probably already in Monica's head.
Oh my God! Wow! That was fantastic, I almost leaned in. I really almost did!
Yeah! Yeah. They're...they're-they're my friends, uh, Monica Stephanopolus and uh, and Chandler Acidofolus.
Yeah I know, but one of them just said that she loved me so I just gave her everything.
Oh, well, we can hand it to Gunther and he'll put it in lost and found.
I just y'know, I didn't expect him to be this happy so soon. Ufff. Ooo-ooh!
What, what, so that you can dance with the woman that stole your credit card?
That sounds great! I'd love to live at Warren's!! I love Warren! Thank you!
Well, we were paying for our stuff and this saleswoman just started flirting with him.
Oh my God! Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives, just walked in here!
Wow, he's cute, Pheebs! But I thought you just started dating that Kindergarten teacher.
Wow! I don't remember him. Honey, are you sure you're not talking about your imaginary boyfriend.
Ross, Chandler wrote something about me on his computer and he won't let me see.
Pheebs, I don't know what to say. I guess the flea market was just better last time.
Yeah? Okay! Good, good, because he's coming. He's coming. Hey, what's up?
Yeah, we're, we're actually just gonna walk 'cause it's right up there at the Angelica.
Okay, you are crazy! I'm sorry, but she sounded generally upset! I mean, listen!
Alright, I can't, I can't wait that long. You have to do something-knock that door down!
Oh my god. Oh my god. Excuse me. Move! Move! Emergency! Excuse me!
Oh, nothing, he's just goofy like that, I actually, hardly notice it anymore.
Well excuse me, my fashion-impaired friends, I am here to tell you that hats are back.
All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it!
Okay, Pheebs, quick, what shoes should I wear? The black or the purple?
Ohh, you should know, this place is a real babe magnet. Wanna make out?
Here you go Pheebs. Who else wants one of my special homemade brownies?
All right here he comes. I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna tell him, I'm gonna be strong.
Well, is Ross home? Maybe I'll just call him to see if he's actually seen her.
Well you know, after about thirty or forty fights, you kinda catch on.
Okay Joey, we're luffing a little bit, so could you tighten up the cunningham?
Really? Oh thank you! Oh... Oh, would it be completely inappropriate to give you a hug?
She'll be out in a second. So, Chip, how's umm, Amy Welch?
Ah yes, but he's very protective of me so you'd better watch yourself.
Sure Pheebs, you know, that's what it's there for, emergencies and pretend agents.
It's not here Pheebs, it's not here. Ohh, I went to Joey and Chandler's last night! Okay!
Umm, you-you and your sister seem to have umm, a very special bond, and...
I mean, do you think there are people who go through life never having that kind of...
Ok, uh, Billy Dreskin, Pete Carney, Barry, and uh, oh, Paolo.
You and your stupid fear. I hate your fear. I would like to take you and your fear....
Wow! H-umm! Hi! Yes, uh I'm sorry the models are actually down the hall.
Do you really not know where I'm going with this? It left! It's one huge room!
Now, come on, come on, Steve. There must be something that you like about yourself.
All right, well, you're right, these are the best oatmeal cookies I've ever had.
Then you're not gonna like what's coming. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Thank you, thank you.
Well, y'know what? Actually, I was about to bid on this lovely trip to Paris.
Monica, what did you mean before when you said you didn't want to talk to anyone, especially me?
You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to get in my sweats, and eat this in bed!
Y'know, you-you also could've used uh, lamps and then followed the light.
Well Joey, I hate to admit it, your way of sailing is a lot more fun.
Okay, Phoebe, honey, you gotta be kidding. I mean, you know you cannot keep one of these babies!
Well, I'm really sick of your smoking, so I brought something that is going to help you quit.
Well, sure, but they might think it's kinda weird considering I don't work there anymore.
Last night! I just felt it and I went into Joey's room and he was sleeping...
Ross did I ever tell you about the time that I went backpacking through Western Europe?
Noooo, no, I'm not mad at him. I'm.. I'm not really anything at him anymore.
Remember when we went to Central Park and rented boats?.. That was fun.
Okay. Okay. It's-since you've never done it before you can be Monica's made of honor.
Wow, oh my God, our child will be beaten to death in the schoolyard.
Yeah! It's an apothecary table. Does anyone even know what an apothecary is?
Yeah that's right you weren't thinking! Y'know what? Let me give you something to think about!
Ooh, goooosh, ooh, these are cookies smashed in the sports section.
Y'know what? I think we can just leave it at that. It's kinda like a symbolic gesture...
All right, fine, but don't get mad at me. It's-it's just a little hard to believe.
...we went back the house and we got really silly and we...we made out.
Oh but he did say that they found the grandmother wandering down fifth avenue.
Monica, Monica, look at this lamp. Is this tacky or what? We have to have this.
Ross, there is no pressure on you. Okay? I mean you can as involved as you want.
No! You gotta get me out of here Phoebe! These bargain shoppers are crazy!
Okay, my boss, Joanna, when you left, she started asking questions about you...
Okay? Wait okay, tell-tell me that you like him, please? I mean tell me that you like him.
But you-you said black. Why would he want his blue blazer black?
I'm training to be better at a job that I hate, my life officially sucks.
Okay, good. Now that since you know, when you come over would you mind actually using it?
I still can't believe you invited Gavin. Allright, he is the last person I want to see.
No-no! Don't dance for me! Please? Don't! What is the matter with you guys?
Okay, but taking care of a drunk, naked woman seems like a job for Joey.
Yep. Oh, yeah, look you great. Oh yeah. Yeah, this looks great. Umm, so you like it?
Yeah. So Frank, three babies. Whew, that just seems like a lot, huh?
Here we go. I'm serving my last cup of coffee. There you go. Enjoy.
Okay, stop what you're doing, I need envelope stuffers, I need stamp lickers.....
whhh wait, you're gonna leave my party to take care of a box of rats?
Hey! Wait a minute! That was different! I did those things because I was in love with you!
On Melanie Griffith in "Working girl". I think what you want is over here.
No. No, not at all, not at all. I actually was gonna bring someone myself, so...
So uh, so did anything happen? Because rumor has it you guys shut the drapes!
Okay. What the hell was that? You know what? Don't answer me. I have a date with Danny.
Joey relax! My mother picked her up two hours ago. You were there!
You...are...not going to believe it! Joshua came into work today, and guess what happened?
I know! It's like I'm being punished for not having this disgusting, poisoning habit!
No-no-no, no, honey please, I've got, I've just have so much to deal with.
So, got any advice? Y'know, as someone who's recently been- dumped?
No! Wait no! Shut up-I mean don't cry! Let me get my checkbook!
I'm going to find out if he really thinks supermodels are too skinny. Hey, Pheebs!
Oh Chandler, I know, I know... oh, hey! You can see your nipples through this shirt!
Ooh! Look! Look! Look! Look, there's Joey's picture! This is so exciting!
He just kept asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking.
Yeah! And she's comforted by him because she loves her uncle Joey so much.
So. Ross, I've bugged him about this a million times, he's not gonna change.
I mean he was possessive, he was jealous, he could never just let the little things go!
It's still--It's got a tail! Get it out of here! Get it out of here!!
Have I been living with him for too long, or did that all just make sense?
No I wasn't! You were supposed to tell her to come and I was supposed to bring the cake!
Well, if it makes you feel any better, I wish my date hadn't shown up.
Joey, just ignore the boats all right? We're not finished with the lesson yet.
Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting a free massage!
Yes it is! It is true! I went, I went after Ross in stupid London.
Well, Valentine's Day was like two weeks ago, so I wouldn't get her a calendar!
Honey, might I suggest watching a little more ESPN and a little less E!?
Absolutely. Shoop, shoop, shoop. Only a hundred and two dollars to go.
Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick-you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
Umm, I said I thought you were a good kisser, and uh, and that I like your tiney-tiny touchie.
Oh and it was great to see you too. And you look fantastic, although you missed a button.
Joey! The baby is kicking for the first time! Will you please come feel this?!
Okay, see now, what I just heard, blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah, blah, blah.
Oh wait-wait-wait!! No! Don't go in there! Don't go in there! I need another soda!
Of course he will! But Chandler the most important thing is you forgive yourself!
No, I know, I know, and I'm sure your little boy is not going to grow up to be one.
What?! Wait! What are you talking about?! You love their Kung Pao Chicken!
Yeahh, but, but those really go better with pants. Maybe I should wear pants?
Ohh! And I'm one of them!! Wow! Oh, I just cannot believe this! I mean, Joey Tribbiani!
These are, these aren't for you. These are for you. Welcome to our country.
What? I'm not you. This may be the only wedding I ever have. I want it to be amazing.
Man in the black dress... Hi! I'm Rachel! I'm a friend of Monica and Chandler's!
Uh, I-I had a drink with lunch. Did those cost reports come in?
Hey-hey, you guys oh hurry up, get some, there's a whole cart outside...
Thanks for lunch, Chandler. Y'know, you didn't have to walk me all the way back up here.
Oh, it is so unfair. It's like that time they promoted Sandra over me at work.
Listen honey, can you keep dad occupied, I'm gonna go talk to mom for a while.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're right, you are a tough guy. You're the toughest palaeontologist I know.
No! No! It's just that all the people in the entire world that I want to talk to are right here.
No! Come on! Don't make me go long. Use me. They never cover me.
All right. Well listen, if you see Joey will you just tell him uh...tell him I miss him.
Sorry!! I just feel bad about all that sleep you're gonna miss wishing you were with me!
Okay no way, you cannot use that to get the cute guy and the last blueberry muffin.
Well, does a good student drink seven beers during his first lesson?
Well, you more then me, but he can't stay to mad at me. I mean, I just had his baby.
Yeah, we wanted to throw you a big surprise and a great shower, and now you don't have either.
She spit up. Judy! She spi...Judy! Look alive, Judy! Thank you.
Yeah it is, mostly because I get to boss people around, which I just love to do.
Honey, this really is an incredible thing to do for them, but there are things to think about.
She has got so much going on we-we have only two options. We have Friday...
Ooooh! Honey, well we'll find you something. Do you wanna wear my black jacket?
Yes you do. You think of it as your apartment, and I'm just somebody who rents a room.
Yeah but y'know what they say Mon, "There's no such thing as bad press."
I don't know, I, I feel like I had a dream about you last night but I, I don't remember.
Oh my God! What if he thinks I'm the kind of girl that-that would just sleep with him?
...you were 50 minutes late to the class, what did you crawl there?!
You WHAT? And I missed it? Because I was giving a makeover to that stupid hippie?
Uh, wait, so you guys are telling me you actually did the routine from eighth grade?
Well, ultimately, I was trying y'know, I-I wanted...tell him y'know, that I'm still in love with him.
Be-because I didn't want him to think I was stupid! I mean, that was really embarrassing what happened to you!
All right. We figured you might respond this way, so we have a backup offer.
Yeah, but that just means that he was falling asleep on top of her instead of me.
Oh, yeah, well... Yeah, no use wasting this baby, just lyin' around the house.
Well, actually Gunther sent me. You're not allowed to have cups out here, it's a thing.
Yes, my wind. How do you expect me to grow if you won't let me blow?
Joey, if you wanna look good, why don't you just come down to the store? I'll help you out.
Oh my God, I can't believe this is a real $20,000 check, oh this is just so exciting.
Hey! Hey-hey, now this was no one's fault Pheebs. Okay? It was an accident.
No? Y'know, I can tie one of these into a knot using just my tongue.
What? I can't do that! I have the baby, and Ross is not gonna pick her up for another hour.
I am so proud of Joey, I can't believe he's going to be on Law & Order!
Ohh... I mean two best friends falling in love, how often does that happen?
No-no-no! No-no-no! Please Ross, I can't! I can't do it! It's just gonna freak me out!!!
Okay, first of all, that's stupid and second of all, I'm not allowed to talk to Ralph.
Ok, ok, Roger was creepy, but he was nothing compared to Pete Carney.
I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey.
Yeah, we got a lot to do! We gotta think about the flowers, the caterers, the music...
Well, I met Danny's sister yesterday, and uh that was actually the girl on the subway.
Ok, let me take these cakes back 'cause they're gonna take that out of my paycheck.
Honey, he's about to go hit on Isabella Rosselini. I'm just sorry we don't got popcorn.
But you said that you liked him! I mean what happened?! Did ya just change your mind?!
Chandler, you have just described virtually every man that we have ever gone out with.
Can you believe this is already happening? I mean it seems like yesterday they just got engaged.
Of course you did Ross, you would date a gorilla if it called you Indiana Jones!
Daddy, I just... I can't marry him! I'm sorry. I just don't love him. Well, it matters to me!
No, she had to have just taken that test because I took out the trash last night.
Oh, it's so easy for you I mean, you're not married, you get to have sex with who ever you want!
No you guys, I am not getting in a car with him, you'll have to think of something else.
All right, believe me.If you win the lottery, it's the last you're gonna hear from us!
Yeah no, I mean it was at a flea market, so it was y'know, it was like a dollar.
Well, now, wait. Now I'm all freaked out. Come on, you guys will watch it with me.
: So basically, you get your ya-yas by taking money from all of your friends.
Uh-huh, I get it, smoke, chimney, chimney sweep, very funny, ha-ha.
Oh, no problem. You can borrow it, by the way. Here are your keys, hon.
Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list.
What do you get? Emily!! Emil-Whoa!! Okay! So that's me as a cheerleader! Ta-dum!
Ok, great, because I gotta get out of here, the smell of beets is killing me!
I love him. He's so pretty I wanna cry! I don't know what to do. Tell me what to do.
So you're gonna be in the car, I will be upstairs, and that's where everybody's gonna be!
Ugh, Ross! That was not a near death experience! That was barely an experience!
Oh no-no, no! It's good! It's all good! I-I actually work at Ralph Lauren!
Y'know what? I cannot do this with my left hand! Would you please, help me with this too?
Look Benny, spoon. Spoon. Come on! All right, y'know what I think he's bored.
Oh, yeah, I'm sorry. They used to live here; sometimes they migrate back over.
Okay, that's gonna take them a minute. Do you have anything else you wanna get off your chest?
Hey... hi, ladies... uh, can I get you anything? : Did you bring the mail?
You know, Ross, just keep making your jokes. How are you gonna feel if we actually do win?
Ooooh, that's fine. We'll see who has the last laugh there, monkey boy.
You need that, you need that too 'cause obviously, a thief could just tear this up.
Yeah, and y'know what? I love them both, so why don't you just pick one and that'll be it.
Yeah-No wait! Joey no wait it is. It's something. It's-it's umm...it's my boss.
I think, if it was a little colder in here I could see your nipples through that sweater.
Uh well, y'know what? I don't think if I feel comfortable stealing on my very first day...
Late thirties? Oh come on you guys! Is it just me? Am I overreacting to this?
Hello? Yeah, this is she. Oh! You're kidding! You're kidding! Oh thank you! I love you!
I'm just gonna go in my office and pick up some stuff . Who the hell are you!?
Oh yeah. Well, at least I wasn't too chicken to tell some guy I thought he was cute.
Ooh! Y'know what? If we made reservations, we could have unagi in about a half-hour.
I know. I know. Oh God. There's no tissue! Can you grab me some toilet paper?
Well, let's see. The first one is: I don't want to. And, you know, I'm not going.
Yeah but how do I start? I mean, what's-what's the first thing that I say? Okay great! Thanks.
Well it's only different if he wants it to be. I mean, I'm not gonna ask him for anything.
I did it! Oh! I finished it! I did it all by myself! And there's nobody to hug!
I don't know why Joey had to kiss her! I mean, of all the girls at the party, GOD!
Well, last time I almost got fired. You must end it, you must end it now!
I loved the moment when you first saw the giant dog shadow all over the park.
Oh, you're not gonna tell the whole story about how your parents got divorced again are you?
I know you did. I'm just gonna deal with it, I'm just gonna deal with it. I gotta get out of here.
No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want
Oh yeah! Hopefully across the street if certain Dutch people would just let go.
Come on Ross! You said you wanted to talk about it, let's talk about it!! How was she?
All right Paul, I'm not asking for a lot here. Okay? Just give me something. Anything!
Is my hook unhooked? These things keep falling down, I can't. . .
Oh no! No! It's actually-it's very sweet. It's very sweet. Look! Yeah, do you want it?
Look-look-look-look-look, my first pay check! Look at the window, there's my name! Hi, me!
Oh! Did you hear that?! My dad's proud of me! My dad's proud of me.
Ross is on a date with my sister and they shut the drapes two and a-half-hours ago.
Alright thanks, oh Ross could you stop by the coffee house and get me a muffin?
Well, uh, I-I don't know. See when-when you put it that way y'know it does sort of...
Yeah that's great. But first, wait, talk to me, talk to me. Tell me about your day.
What? Monica, they are cute, they are doctors, cute doctors, doctors who are cute!
Ross, tonight was about the two of you getting along. Oh, would you just see my chiropractor, already.
Well, when we first met, you know, I thought you were pompous and arrogant and obnoxious ...
Honey, come on! You live far away! You're not related. You lift right out.
Uh, I'm just, I'm just looking out your window. At-at the view. What are you guys doing?
No, you know what, it's late, everything's gonna be closed. Why don't we just do it another night?
No, but they stuck me in personal shopping. Which is just a huge step down!
For Stella! Remember? She's gettin' her grove back in like 20 minutes.
Okay. Uh, well can we, can we get you anything Mr. Zelner? Maybe some chocolates?
Why? Is he? He is! Isn't he? He's dating that slut in marketing!
Oh, hi! I would check your hand but... I'm sure you don't want to get my chicken disease!
You're supposed to realize that they are adults! And that they can make their own decisions.
Well, someone that has his own tux, or has the ability to rent a tux.
Hey Pheebs, I'm-I'm taking Charlie shopping, why don't you come and I'll help you find something.
Oh, great! Well, then I'm gonna take Emma to see him. I wonder why Ross said that he died.
Yeah, sure. Umm, they didn't have poppy seed bagels, so I... Oh my word!
Well, I assume I'll have to take showers with him, but y'know, that's true of any job.
: Really? : Sure, we have scones left! : OK, read them to me.
Yeah, I mean, come on Ross, no one will even notice. I mean they're probably not even listening!
Marcel, this is for you. It's, uh, just, y'know, something to, um, do on the plane.
Sure! That sounds great! Just leave me a message and tell me where to meet you. Okay?
What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!
Thank you. Now are you sure? Because once I make a copy, there's no turning back.
Ok, everybody, let's give a uh nice warm Central Perk welcome to--
Okay, y'know what? Maybe, this is not about seizing stuff. Maybe this is about escaping stuff.
Yeah! I'm a big fan! Of the movies, you know. Motion pictures. The Talkies!
No, not really. You're pressing the baby into my bladder and now I have to pee. Sorry.
Well, how can you be a tour guide, don't you have to be a dinosaur expert or something?
Airport, airport. Ross, not alone, Julie, arm around her. Cramp, cramp.
I don't. But I would still like to be acknowledged. What? Just because I'm pregnant you think I'm invisible.
Hi Russ, I've just got two more tables to clean and then we'll go, OK?
Yeah, so what is she, like a... like a spokesmodel, or an aerobics instructor, what?
Oh my God, Phoebe, Pottery Barn has ripped off the design of our antique!
Or maybe you would see me looking embarrassed because you are talking on the phone with your crotch!
Alright. Now that I'm back, why don't you just fill me in on what you've been up to?
I don't know, I'd leave it on the changing table? What?! What'd I do? What'd I do?!
What, so you go over there, you tell him you think he's cute, what's the worst that could happen?
Monica! I couldn't find him for two hours! He was having sex with Amy Welch!
Oh so you know that, you guys talked about that, so you get along, so you think you're gonna go out?
Ok, so Phoebe, now are you gonna call your dad and let him know that his dog is ok?
All right. Let's say I had slept with Mark. Would you have been able to forgive me?
This was such a huge mistake. I can't tell him Phoebe. I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't...
Because it's Richard's son! It's like inviting Greek tragedy over for dinner!
Oh not-not so much. Umm, what-what do you, what do you mean is there something wrong with Ross?
Oh, I have to go pee. Apparently this baby thinks that my bladder is a squeeze toy.
Yeah, we found them. There were in the guest room closet behind some coats.
I didn't uh, really have time to read this part of the books, but do you think we have time to...
Of course I clean it. I mean, I,I will cleeeean it. I mean, I will cleeeean it.
Oh no, you guys, just stay here, I'm gonna go check her diaper, Pheebs you wanna come?
Yeah, but she also invited you and Ross. Yeah, honey, I'm sorry, but I don't think that was a romantic thing.
No! Wait! No, no. Don't do that! That's going to make them think they can come over here.
Yeah, but umm... Yes, but, Fonzie was already cool, so he wasn't hurt, right?
Oh God, ohh, okay, y'know what, do you think ah, do you think that you just forget that I told you this?
I got the tickets! I got the tickets! Five hours from now, shoop, shoop, shoop.
Well, so then what are you doing to me? Okay? Just get out of here! All right? Move on!
Well is it fair that all you did was put on a cape and I gotta give you free stuff?
Oh, y'know what you should get 'em? One of those little uh, portable CD players.
Hey! Hey! Hi! Hey-hey-hey, I'm Rachel! From upstairs? The ones with all the pizza?
Ross said my name up there, I mean, come on, I just can't pretend that didn't happen can I?
Ok, Ross, what's going on here, are we just bringing strange women back to the apartment now?
Chandler, this is not addressed to you. This is addressed to Mrs. Braverman downstairs. Thief.
Oh please, he'll be with his real family, the twins and little miss new boobs.
Ohh, I'm gonna have to get over it. God, see I didn't know that's I had to do, I just have to get over it.
You guys, there's a little girl in Soho looking for this cat. I mean, you know what that means?!
Okay, Pheebs, can I ask? So, hes going out with her. I mean, is it really so terrible?
Well, he makes t-shirts for a living, and he thought it would be appropriate to give me this.
Nooo! Nooooo! You lent me Monica's earrings?! I'm not allowed to borrow her stuff!
I did!! I watched! I watched! I watched Monica bang his head against that thing!
So you know, I...I handed in that marketing report and I never got to hear what you thought.
Well, let's see. There was a really big guy that I was talking to, with the really nice breasts...
Well, actually, I meant for me. The hiring committee is meeting people all day and...
Here, kitty-kitty. Here kitty-kitty. Where did you go, little kitty-kitty-kitty? Here kitty-kitty-kitty-kitty...
Oh, my, God, c'mon, you guys! He's gonna be home any minute! He's gonna kill me!
Oh, hi. I have a massage appointment under Rachel Green, and here is my gift certificate.
Well, I-I know you can do that too. I'm just, I'm just saying if you need somebody to talk to... Hi!
There, well, see? Barry wouldn't even kiss me on a miniature golf course.
Everything's ruined. My bed. My clothes. Look at my favorite blue sweater.
Okay, wow, wow, wow. Watch the tongue people, we've got a baby over here.
Okay. Wow! So I get to see what Joey Tribbiani is like on a date. So do you have any moves?
Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me.
Oh Gunther! You brought candy! Thank you so much for picking this up! You are so sweet.
Ok, Paulo, why don't you just go get dressed, and then you be on your way, ok, bye-bye.
Oh no, I know I couldn't see it either at first, but it's right umm... Ross, I lost it again.
Ooh, Phoebe's here! Okay, let's turn out all the lights and we'll just watch the movie!
Well, maybe that's my decision. Well, maybe I don't need your money. Wait!! Wait, I said maybe!!
Maybe it's not as bad as I think. Y'know, maybe they didn't take it the way I meant it.
You want me to just call him up and tell him that you're seeing him instead? That's what you want?
Actually, what I think you said was, "don't touch that, and get the hell out of my kitchen."
Well, not myself, but I know other people that have. Ok, you caught me. I'm a laundry virgin.
Ok, Pheebs, you know what, if we had that, we wouldn't be doing the ritual in the first place.
Whoa! Y'know what Katie? I gotta tell ya I-I-I-I think you are the one who is too much.
No. Yeah, and I know that. All right, well thank you so much for coming in it was nice to meet you.
I'm not paying for half of that! I'm only staying here until my apartment gets fixed.
Should I be concerned that a button fell off the old Hugsy and I can't find it?
Hmm, mild discomfort. So I take it you've had one of these Braxton thingies?
All right, all right, all right. Last night, I had a dream that, uh, you and I, were...
Well, he doesn't really love her. I mean, it's just a rebound thing from me.... You'll see!
Oh hi! Y'know, I just wanted to see if there were any leads on the old job front.
Well, I never thought I'd say this, but I'm gonna go use Ugly Naked Guy's bathroom.
I'm serious, I really, I think I need just to have some...meaningless, sex y'know, with the next guy that I see.
Come on, I don't really want to be doing this right now. I am carrying a very heavy couch.
Oh, come on! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat, you don't think that's just a little funny?!
I can't let him go out that way, he's got a meeting. You've got something here on your back.
I just can't believe this! I mean, with the holidays coming up- I wanted him to meet my family-
And I hope it's not an inappropriate time to say this but, you're the best sex I ever had.
Oh God, come on you guys, is this really necessary? I mean, I can stop charging anytime I want.
Okay! No accountants. Oh, and no one from like legal. I don't like guys with boring jobs.
Can you not look at me when I say this? I thought that if I could get you here, I could seduce you.
Y'guys ever heard the story about when Rosses mom went to the beauty salon?
Thanks! I've been here about six years, and Rachel moved in a few months ago.
Honey um, honey, you do realise that we don't keep the women's lingerie here in the office?
Ugh!!! Well, the apartment is already subletted! I mean, this is just hopeless. I'm never gonna find anything.
So Joey I just hooked Ross and Chandler up with some tuxedos for the wedding, do you need one?
Are you kidding? I'm trained for nothing! I was laughed out of twelve interviews today.
Honey, honey, I'm sorry, I know it's our anniversary but I told you on the phone I don't have time to stop.
Oh, The Velveteen Rabbit! Oh my God, when the boy's love makes the rabbit real!
Wow! I can't believe they didn't put it in the part where you said you didn't watch soap operas.
Oh it does, it does! It is a room separating apparatus from Colonial times.
No! No, of course not. No. That's why I brought it up. They didn't have any sodas?
Oh, really, really good. But enough about me, come on! Where-where are you from? What do you do?
Nooo Way! The most romantic song ever is The Way We Were.
No honey, okay, okay, you wanna know why Ross canceled the date? Because I asked him to.
Hi! Sorry- sorry we're late, we, uh, kinda just, y'know, lost track of time.
Eight weeks. I mean I love my mother, but my God, a long lunch with her is taxing.
I'm sorry, as I was saying the store number is wrong, and I'm sorry but that's... Oh my God!!
Okay, now what was that all about? Is it-does it not taste good? Let me try it.
Yeah you like totally let him wash his feet in the pool of your inner power.
Oh, c'mon. We'll have, we'll have a big party, and no-one'll know who's with who.
I just saw Danny getting on the subway with a girl and he had his arm around her.
Well actually thanks, but I think I'm just gonna hang out here tonight. It's been kinda a long day.
You have not worn that T-shirt since you were 15!! It doesn't even fit you anymore!
Right. Was it the, "Please don't show me another picture of a trilobite vibe?"
I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday.
Well I was gonna tell him that I'm-I'm gonna have the baby and he can be as involved as he wants.
Yeah! That's Phoebe. That's Phoebe. You know, she just wants them all! It's like she's a nympho!
Okay. Well that's pretty much all that we have-Oh! Oh! Have you ever had a virgin margarita?
Okay, okay. Umm, well ah, maybe he, maybe he feels awkward because you are my boss.
Yeah, but that was different. Y'know? I mean, we were, we were going out then, now I think it's weird.
Oh, I know, I'm sorry you guys. You're just gonna have to get used to the fact that I will not be dating Ross.
Okay. Okay fine, y'know what? We will let Ross and Joey decide. Hiiiii, Ross! Sweetie.
Yeah! I don't think you're going to need it though. Okay, check this out. If it's a girl, Rain.
No, no, that's not what we ordered... We ordered a fat-free crust with extra cheese.
Yeah I don't think dressing provocatively is going to help me here! Oh my god just please take her.
Oh.. yeah? Well unless you pushed a desk out of your vagina, not the same thing.
Except that! Oh, hello, Mr. Zelner. We're all ready for our presentation this afternoon.
Ok, while you "mmm" on it for awhile, I'm gonna go find a place for my new lamp.
Oh god. You've totally messed with the back support of my chair. How do you fix this?
Yeah, my mom got my dad's season tickets in the divorce, so she just gave them to me.
Uh well, I guess I'm not gonna miss the fact that you're never allowed to move the phone pen.
Well, wait a minute, you're the boss! Why don't you just yell at them? Or, fire them?
One more time from the top... I like big butts and I cannot lie, you other br...
Sure, you know what? Come on, we'll just tell them that there was like a problem with like the "engine".
All right, y'know what? I-I'm sorry. I will try to tone it down and uh stop yelling.
Honey, you're not gonna make enough money to help Frank and Alice just by selling knives.
Ohh, here you are. I was looking for you before. Joshua's gone so you and Emily are free to go.
Phoebe, come on, I don't wanna waste it! It would be like throwing away a hundred bucks!
No! You guys can't leave yet! You have to stay, we-we got the whole big thing planned!
Ugh! No more crying! Please! I just dumped one cry baby, I'll dump you too!
That is great. Hey, y'know who doesn't have to job hunt? Ross. He works at the university.
Yeah, Joey honey, I don't know if this'll mean anything to you but you'll always be pre-approved with us.
No Monica! I'm serious! Oh, maybe I should just forget about it. Become a lesbian or something.
Ok, look you guys, I really don't want to get into this right now. I think it'll just make everyone uncomfortable.
You think I trust you with it?! No! We're gonna split it! You take half and I take half!
Oh, alright. The weirdest place would have to be... ... oh, the foot of the bed.
Yes-yes, just a few seconds and she'd still be with us-nothing about an assistant buyer?
Oh, god, this is great! The plane is gone, so it looks like I'm stuck here with you guys.
Really?! The Plaza?!! Oh daddy!! Right. Daddy, I need to talk to you. Please, sit down.
But y'know, I never really had anything to worry about. Ross was never very good at the flirting thing.
Well, y'know what though you guys? I really appreciate that but I think I'm just gonna take Sebastian to the charity.
I know, I lied! I didn't want her to think I was a terrible mother! I can't even see my own baby!
Well y'know what they say, the 23rd time's the charm. Aww, look at you all handsome!
Oh my God! I'm standing at a cash register, holding a credit card, and I'm bored.
...and then they came back from smoking and they had made all of the decisions without me!
Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick- you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
Ugh! Get out! Get out! Go! Come on! No! Not in there! He's in there!
Im okay! Im okay! Mr. Heckles, Mr. Heckles could you help me please?
Well, I do, but you're just gonna have to actually look at this as more of an investment than a cat.
Aww. Well, ok, well that's very nice. And you wrote a card . "From Gavin"
Well I assume the ah, happy couple isn't up yet. Did you guys hear them last night?
Mon, if uh you were at lunch alone, how come it cost you uh 53 dollars?
OK, so that's... that's what, two bottles? And yet somehow we went through five?
Oh, Phoebe, are you still on hold? I was supposed to call my Dad back like two hours ago.
Oh! See just I'm right back where I started! Aww, this sucks! Being alone, sucks!
Oh totally, totally. Y'know it's not that big of deal, we already kinda did it once y'know.
Thank you. Hey-hey umm, uh, is there, is there any such thing as an annulment shower?
Oh, no, no no. I meant that he's gonna be paying that other woman beause she's a professional.
Hey, so he stole a couple bucks from me! At least he bought me something with it!
Well maybe he saw your hand slip briefly from the ten and two o'clock position.
I don't understand! Last time you went out with her you said she was a 'big, dull dud.'
Yeah, I know, go long. Y'know, it's like all I'm doing is running back and forth from the huddle.
Wha... forget it Ross, no, I am not gonna stand here and make a list of. . .
Yeah, I feel kinda bad for them, but I'm also really psyched 'cause I don't have to move in here!
Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?
Oh, okay. Uhh, well let's see. You're about-well uh, this one is large. And this one-
Oh, no-no-no, no-no-no, it has become, it has-yeah. Oh no, those were four great dates.
Well I'm alone and I just bought fifteen dollars worth of candy bars, what do you think?
I think I just shipped 3,000 bras to personnel. Oh honey, I gotta go. Mark, I need you!
Well, we're not here to meet guys. You have a boyfriend, I have a b. . . baby and a Ross.
Wherever I go. Come on you and me, we'll-we'll start a new group, we're the best ones.
Oh, well thank you for taking your tongue out of my sister's mouth long enough to tell me that.
No! They didn't even talk to each other. God, how was I supposed to know they were having problems?
I found him! Very funny, come here! That is exactly why I've come here to talk to you okay?
Uhh, let's just stay clear of 'I'm the guy that's doing you daughter' and you should be ok.
I dunno. Y'know to me he'll always be "Jack Geller, walks in while you're changing."
OK, sorry to break up this party, but I've got resumes to fax before work tomorrow...
And your horoscope says, "On the fifth a special someone is going to give you a gift."
Oh god look at her sleeping. Oh, I love her so much! Oh, I think I'm gonna wake her up.
Well, people missed you in there. And in fact, there was actually a request for "Smelly Cat".
Yes, I'm sorry. Do you have any extra pants? Umm, my friend seems to have had a little accident.
Guys, you're not gonna believe this! I was just saying goodnight to Emma and she said her first words!!
All right. All right Phoebe I will let you have him, but you owe me; you owe me big!
Oh my God!! You just ruined the thing I was practicing the whole way home, but I'm soo happy!
Yeah. Just, if it's possible, could you leave him somewhere and go have sex with another guy?
Oh no, no-no-no, that's not, not, not, what he is doing. He's just, he's just really romantic.
That's your whole name, okay of course it is! Okay, well let's-let's just have a look-see here.
Honey, you have nothing to prove. And if you really like this girl, I don't flirting is the right thing to...
Ok, ok, ok, I will, I will, I, hey, I will clean the apartment for two months.
There's been a teeny-teeny change in plans. It turns out that I'm not free tonight. So...
Yeah, yeah. Phoebe and I are going to have so much fun. And thank you for watching the baby, by the way.
Uh, I will see you... and I'll raise you. What do you say... want to waste another buck?
Ross, I have been walking around like this since the plane! I can-you have so crossed a line.
What? What? He's interested in you. He-he likes your hair, he just wants to know how you got here.
Yeah, I'll be fine. But could someone please make sure that sandwich is gone when I get out there?
Oh, Joey, it's so great to be back here. I gotta tell you, you're making it so easy on me and Emma.
Oh Emma. This is going to be your first Thanksgiving. What are you thankful for? Mommy's bobbies.
Hi! Just so you know, we-we didn't mean to fog you, we thought you were like a yeti or something.
Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have a friend who is a masseuse.
Wh... So... If neither of you are married by the time you're 40, you're gonna marry Joey.
Well, if you see him, will you please tell him that I'm looking for him and that this I am not gonna throw up!
I, I didn't say any... I sw... I did not say anything, I swear. He stopped by.
No Paul, I don't know anything about you! Y'know, like-like your childhood! Tell me about your childhood!
That's right, I wanna do it with you! I've been trying to fight it, but you just said all the right things.
Okay. Umm, well, first I would like to start by apologizing for kissing you and uh, for yelling at you.
I'm so glad, I'm so glad you shared. And I'm glad that you're done. What do you say we umm...
Y'know, bonus night. Y'know, when two people break up but they get back together for just one night.
Y'know what Tag, if we went down to the office you would see those contracts sitting on your desk.
Yeah.. yeah right.. Remember in high school when I died and didn't give you my baby?
Well, he didn't say, but it was a fire. I'm guessing not very good. Come on, we gotta go!
Oh yeah, scared the hell out of me. I thought we'd lost you forever. Pheebs, you lie down?
Yeah, if you're going to do the ears, you might as well take a pass at the nosal area.
I can't believe that you yelled at my boss! I'm-I'm gonna lose my job! What am I going to do?!
Uh, no. Wait, you know what, this is the outfit that makes my calves look fat. Nevermind.
Forgot my purse! Oh, you guys made up. He's a good kisser isn't he? I'm going!
Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing!
Ross, I'm doing everything that I can, I've got everybody looking for him, and I- Oh! Who is it?
It kinda worked. I mean y'know, I don't know about you buy I haven't thought about our thing since all this.
I am not a baby! You know what? I swear to god, just because you get so uptight every time we...
Yeah! You and that girl from that copy place, which yesterday you took full responsibility for!!
He didn't turn me down! He's at the game isn't he? I got the date, I'm just not on it!
Okay you're right. I'll hire Hilda tomorrow. Dumb old perfect for the job Hilda!
I know, so do I. Oh Phoebe, I'm so glad you made me do this. OK, lemme se yours.
Let me just get this straight! So I go have a baby and they send some guy in to do my job?
Saving, saving, saving me from the pleasant conversation with the interesting man, saving me?
Well, that shouldn't be a problem. I mean I work in fashion and all I meet are eligible straight men.
Ok, ok, that's fine. Fine. Hey, I'm sorry about that spill before. Only $98.50 to go.
...I am jealous of her?! I mean who does she think she is?! Princess Caroline?!
No it's okay, this is what's gonna happen. I'm gonna wait a couple years and then the baby will tell him.
Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Maybe it's not so bad. How did you leave it?
Great!! It was very, very nice to meet you sir--Ow! Hey! What are you doing?! Are you crazy!
No, she left a message. But it-it kinda got erased. There's just something wrong with your machine.
Do you think it's possible for two friends to fool around and... and not have it be a big deal?
Yeah Melissa, I don't want to be known as the uh, office bitch, but I will call your supervisor.
Oh honey, I'm sorry we can't help you there, 'cause we're cuddlily sleepers. Okay, I'm late for work.
And remember how you always said you were afraid the landlord would find out and then tear it down?
"Well, should we just continue to live together and not really tell each other how we're really feeling?"
Oh Joey, I'm so happy things worked out for us that we're having this baby together. I love you so much.
Ok Ross, just so you know, calling it a poopie diaper doesn't make this process any cuter.
No. Ross: Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? Ross: I'm smarter than him!
Okay. Oh, uh, wait a minute, y'know what? I uh, I can't decide this. Umm, okay, just hold on a second.
Um... yeah. Well, I mean, when I first met you, y'know, I thought maybe, possibly, you might be...
Uh-uh-uh, right now? Because I've kinda got an el fresco situation going on over here.
God, I hope he doesn't show up. Of course he's not gonna show up, the guy hates me.
Joey, Emma's right here! You promised not to bring girls home in the middle of the day anymore.
No? All right, here's the truth um, Joey said what he said, because um, I'm attracted to you.
I am feeling nothing. Speaking of hot, watching you do that really makes me want to have sex with you.
Thanks. God this is so stupid! How could I be upset over something I never had? It's negative?
Oh, y'know, it's just like hats, and a shirt, and CD's, just sort of stuff that you've left here.
Oh wait! Y'know what? I can't, I can't look at it. I can't. Somebody else tell me, somebody tell me.
Ohh, OK, OK, OK, well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.
"Pheebs, can't make it, got a date. Talk to you later. Big Daddy." Big Daddy?
I don't know! I mean, we still care about each other. There's a history there. 'S'like you and Carol.
I mean, didn't you think you were just gonna meet somone, fall in love- and that'd be it? ..Ross?
Hey, can I borrow the key to your house so I can run across the street and make a copy?
so basically you've slept with all the woman in New York and now you're just going around again.
Oh, I know. Hey, y'know what we never did? Oh no, not that. We uh, we never had bonus night!
I did the first time! Oh. Oh.. And you know what. You want to know why I'm not giving Emily to you.
Oh honey, are you jealous of Paolo? Oh, c'mon, I'm so much happier with you than I ever was with him.
Oh my God! Oh my God! Thank you! That was the fire department, there was a fire at our place!
Monica? You gonna be very proud of me. I just got us dates with two unbelievably cute nurses.
So I was with Joshua for an hour today, and he has not asked me out. It's just so frustrating!
Excuse me, I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to call you back, I've got a Schemp in my office. What are you doing?
Joey, just because they're not getting married doesn't mean this is going to be a disaster. Maybe they have a plan!
I'm just saying that y'know, someday Ross is gonna meet somebody and...he's gonna have his own life. Right?
Are you serious?! Chandler, we ate an entire cheesecake two days ago and you want more?
Really! God Ross, what were you thinking? I know it's really shallow, but a part of me wants him again.
Eh, I'm just so sorry I put you through it. And, I y'know, I don't want to get back together over a machine.
Ah, hah-hah-hah-ho, yeah, he wishes. Oh, I'm sorry, look at me. OK, Michael, let's talk about you.
That cute waiter guy from your restaurant, the one that looks like a non-threatening Ray Liotta?
Yeah but-but-but you liked me! Oh my God, I can't believe this, all this time, I liked you and you liked me!
Is that him again? Tell him I'd come to the phone, but my ankles are weighin' me down.
Right! But, none of that compared to how kind and-and how gentle and thoughtful he is.
Hi! I got you some coffee. To, uh... ...fair enough. So! Do you got anything for me?
Phoebe, if this guy's going through a divorce, is it such a good idea to start going out with him?
well, now, wait a second, who did I just put as my "In case of emergency" person?
Mon, honey you're not dying. I'm just moving out. Y'know, I mean we're gonna see each other all the time.
Oh, it's a tattoo! That's weird, Phoebe doesn't... Wait that's Ursula! That's not Phoebe that is Ursula!
Emmm. Now, instead of the vegetables, is there anyway I can substitute the three-pound lobster?
I'm sorry, what did you just say? Did you just say hi? Oh my God, Ross, Ross, Ben just said 'Hi'.
Why not? I don't want to do this alone! And he's such a sweet guy and he loves me so much.
Ross, it is 100 degrees outside. For the first time in weeks, I am somewhat comfortable.
I mean I'm probably 98% happy, maybe 2% jealous. And I mean what's 2%? That's nothing.
So Ross, we went out for two years, and you never told me you were in an I Hate Rachel club.
Oh my God! Listen to you talkin' about having kids. Oh my Joey. Oh, please don't get married before I do.
Hey Mon, little question for ya! How do you think this suit will look on an assistant buyer?
Oh sorry didn't mean to interrupt. It's just such a beautiful space; do you do a lot of weddings here?
Hmm. Do you think-Could you tell me if she's hanging in, in a one bedroom or a two?
Oh uh-uh pal! Don't call me mommy! It's bad enough you call your own mother that.
Oh! Right! Yeah! Hold on, I'll be just clean up in here a little bit! Hello Gavin.
Is the window open? Because if there's a window open, a bird could fly in there.
Phoebe the father is not here okay? I haven't told him yet and I don't think I can tell him at all now!
Oh hey you. Thanks for coming out of me. I know. Oh. Yeah. Oh, she's looking at me. Hi! I know you.
Yeah, sure Mr. Zelner, for you anything-minute. Okay. Fine. Abort the plan, abort the plan.
No, no, no, no I don't think it's weird, I think, I think umm, in fact, in fact you know what I think?
I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy fingers from playing crummy guitar...
Hey... Hi you guys! Listen, you know what? I'm not feeling really well. I think I can't get out for the play.
No, I-I live with Phoebe. I mean you're alone, alone. And I just-it's just not the time for us. I'm sorry.
No! I do not care what my hormones are doing, I am not going to just do it with some random guy!
See, Gavin, you're capable of being a nice guy. Why did you give me such a hard time?
So would I. You wouldn't think that Annie Liebawitz would forget to put film in the camera.
Oh no-no, no-no, they don't want you to put your hands in the pockets until you are out of the store.
Oh, all right. But y'know I gotta say, I don't, I don't think six years counts as an era.
So why don't you just let me worry about making the trifle and you just worry about eating it, alright?
God, I am so glad you don't have a problem with this, because if you did, I wouldn't even consider applying.
No! Oh what does he know! Come on Rosita, us chichas got to stick together! You bitch!
Well, she-she ob-obviously saw the tire tracks that were leading up to the closed garage.
Oh, okay see I thought, I thought you meant how much was it when it was new, y'know like back then.
Yeah, I did, but y'know what? I am really, really trying to cut back, y'know? Good luck, Rach.
I meant er, young, young, I meant young, young to be a doctor. Oh good, Rach.
Look, I cannot do this right now, okay, I've got a deadline, would you just go home, I'll talk to you later.
'Cos I was gonna say there's no way you could've done the end the way you guys did it back then!
No, I didn't. I wouldn't say I had the keys unless I had the keys, and I obviously didn't have the keys.
Yes! Yes! Yes, I do! I do know! Frank and Alice are gonna want to keep all of their children!
Yeah, I have to tell Ross that I love him. Now honey, you take care, you don't have those babies until I get back.
Zelner! Right! I knew that! I really, really want this job and I think, I think I would be really good at it.
Well can we see it?! Oh maybe we shouldn't. I mean if she just died this morning out of respect.
Oh no wait Pheebs, I think for something like that you just ask them to move in with you. But I'm not sure, Chandler?
Mira, Mira, el viejo desnudo est haciendo el hula hoop!
See, there's always one guy. "If I had a wish, I'd wish for three more wishes."
Okay, hi. Ladies and gentlemen, back by popular demand, Miss Phoebe Buffay. Wooh!
Um look I was thinking.. If its ok with Monica I would like to invite Amy to Thanksgiving.
Why don't you just marry her? Oh no, wait a minute you can't, I'm sorry I forgot, she's not a lesbian.
Oh God. Ross, OK, if you care about me at all, you will get the pie out of the man's hood.
No, that was his costume. See, he's actually an orthodontist, but he came as a regular dentist.
Ew, was Chandler naked? Sort of like a, like a ring toss kind of situation?
Oh my God! You guys this is so great! I mean it's so unexpected! I mean Chandler's birthday is even before mine!
OH MY GOD!!! Sorry, I was just imagining what it'd be like to catch the money bouquet.
I'm pregnant. Ross? Ross? Okay, whenever you're ready. And you're the father by the way-but you got that...
No...Yeah, all the time, constantly. It's terrifying. But you know that I figure it...it has to work out.
You know what? We should call my mum's house and say goodnight to Emma before she goes down.
So it seemed that my prom date had stood me up, so Ross selflessly, offered to take me.
Ok, Well, what about these are white cotton panties. Would they go with whites or delicates?
I'd love that. I would loooove... So uh, so where is sweet little Ben? I would love to have a little...
Uh Will umm, I just want to say that I'm real sorry for whatever I-I did to you in high school...
Man! He just keeps lobbing them up and I just keep knocking them right out of the park!
Ok. So now, I think Emma is probably down for the night, but if you need anything Ross . . .
Phoebe, you were right. I should've never gone to London, and from now on you make all of my decisions for me.
OH! And the year before that, when you set up that nighttime tour of that button factory?
Oh well, it's kinda lonely up there, so I just thought I would come out here and get some fresh air.
Look, I know what's going on here, okay, Mark explained it all to me. He said this is what you guys do.
Well, I-I-I don't know how this fits into your whole "seizing" thing but um, Emily called you today.
Oooh... you're sweet, I knew uncle Joey would step up. Look Emma, look who's baaack!
Well-well that's 'cause I went down there and they were all smoking. This is actually the smell of success.
You know we were all alone and he was being really nice to me and, oh and he gave me this scarf...
Ross, you guys went out once. You took your kids to Chucky Cheese, and you didn't even kiss her.
Oh, let me see! Oh, God, is he just the sweetest thing? You must just want to kiss him all over!
I love how he cares so much about stuff. If I squint I can pretend he's Alan Alda.
Oh god what am I gonna do you guys, I can't even comfort my own baby! I'm the worst mother ever!
What?! It goes ten times a day! What are we feeding this baby?! Indian food?!
I just finished getting Phoebe all dressed to meet Mike's parents. She's so nervous, it's so sweet!
Ok, well, not a problem. We'll just use them to stop the bleeding. Ok. Baggage claim? Ok.
Oh hey! Hey Ross! Hey how's it, how's it going with you and Mona? Are you guys still together?
Okay. All right, I see what he's doing! He's not asking me out, because he wants me to ask him out.
Patrick and I had such a great time last night! I mean I think this could maybe turn into something serious.
Whoa! My God! So what, you all just joined together to hate me?! Who else was in this club?
Oh, I called them. And when they ask me what I saw, I can be very generous or very stingy.
Ok, Ross, try to hear me. Ok, I, hey, I'm not gonna lie to you. Ok, it was good with Paolo.
No, not even close. Forget Vail, forget seeing my family, forget shoop, shoop, shoop.
Oh not bad. Do you know that feeling when you're trying to blow a Saint Bernard out your ass?
Yes, Joey, I remember, she's annoying, but you know what she's-she's his girlfriend now. I mean what can we do?
Definitely! Phoebe, you will not find a single game show host, who's ass I cannot kick.
Oh God, oh. Great, Monica, y'know what, you could've called, I have been up here, I've been worried...
Oh. Oh yeah, don't get to worked up over it. I mean it-it sounds like he's a doctor, but he's not.
Yeah but, maybe it's not what we think. Maybe it's tell Monica I'm sorry I...drank the last of the milk.
Well isn't it better that I exchanged it for something that I enjoy and that I can get a lot of use out of?
Well, alright, then, forget it. Might as well just go home. Ow ow ow ow!
Oh thanks, but listen, I was just at Monica's and she and Chandler had a big fight and they're not moving in.
Closure, that's what it is. Closure. Hello, excuse me. Excuse me, hel. . . woo
Oh my God! Oh my God!! That is like the third most prestigious soap opera award there is!
Look at that woman sitting by the pool getting tan... so leathery and wrinkled, I'm so jealous!
Yeah honey, I'm standing right there! Why didn't you just tell him about the mole I haven't got checked yet.
Yeah, well, it's a Mercedes if I move back home. Oh, it was horrible. He called me young lady.
Hello? Yes, she is, hold on a second, please. Monana, it's for you, the credit card people.
He's soo lucky, if Janice were a guy, she'd be sleeping with somebody else by now.
No. Ross, it, it just seems that y'know it's time we-we y'know, move on. I mean, I mean don't' you think?
Come on, this isn't funny. She thinks it's my fault that you haven't called her. You have to call her!
Are you joking? Check out is not 'til noon and he has a good eleven minutes left.
Yeah, but then you spent Phoebe's entire birthday party talking to my breasts, so then I figured maybe not.
Uhh, because I'm trying to play hard to get. Oh, quick he's looking over here, say something funny.
Well, here's another question for ya. Uhh, do you know what that silver knob on the toilet does?
She's totally right! When we were together, you got all freaked out about Mark and there was nothing going on.
They're my new 'I don't need a job, I don't need my parents, I've got great boots' boots!
Oh sure Ross, yeah. If I have a heart attack in a restaurant, I want you there with your fossil brush.
yeah your both so slutty you don't even remember who you've slept with, you're made for each other.
And then Jean-Claude took me to that place Crossroads and that's where we hung out with Drew Barrymore.
Oh yeah, really? Is it Ross? Yeah? Okay, well let me make this a just a little bit easier for you.
You guys, you're never gonna believe what I just found tacked up on a telephone pole! Look kinda familiar?
Umm, okay, I think I'm-I'm just gonna-just gonna say it. Just gonna say it. Uhh, I'm still in love with you Ross.
I have an extra ticket. An extra ticket. Not, two tickets, I have an extra ticket.
No! Ross, no! It is not fine! Eh-eh-according to my plan I should already be with the guy I wanna marry!
It wouldn't have mattered anyway, Phoebe, you and I are, are gonna live together, we're roommates; that's the deal.
That's great. So now, Super Gavin, when I come back where are you planning on flying off to?
Oh my God Phoebe! I mean I'm just-Wait a minute. If I'm your maid of honor that means you are Monica's.
So wh..? He's smart, he's qualified. Give me one good reason we shouldn't try him out.
Yeah! I've been sailing my whole life. When I was fifteen my dad bought me my own boat.
No, there's a party. There's a party. But the power, that is still up for grabs. You follow me?
Yeah, what're you saying, you just sort of put away feelings or whatever the hell it was you felt for me?
Yeah Pheebs, honey, she just got engaged a couple of hours ago. I doubt she's even had time to...
Okay, you know what? You're going to have to call that plane and tell them to swing around and come and pick me up.
No honey, it's okay! Listen, I'll got to Ross's and get the blender, you get all the margarita stuff ready.
OK... ah, it's light... ...it rattles... it's... Travel Scrabble! Oooohhh, thank you!
Ross, that was a Halloween costume, unless you would like me to go to this thing as Little Bo Peep.
You would be too if you found John and David boots on sale, fifty percent off!
Okay. Oh wait! One more thing umm, do-do we still need to uh settle the question of "us?"
No! Joey, oh you're so sweet. You're so-so sweet, honey. But I'm not, I'm not looking for a husband.
Ross, things aren't gonna be weird between us, right? I mean was that just the stupidest thing, me telling you that?
Well then how come you're still at a job that you hate, I mean why don't you quit and get 'the fear'?
Oh, yeah, sure, sure, sure, sure. Listen, can we please have lunch the next time I'm in the city?
Okay, you go do it! I'll come back to that set! I'll meet more actors! I'll meet 'em all!
And remember how I said I was going to keep it in my purse so that if it rang I could just pick it up?
Oh God. You know what? Who you think you are? Who are you to decide what messages I should or should not get?
He got all weird and sputtery and then he said uh, "Yeah, I hear those hemorrhoids are a bitch."
I don't wanna stand in the way of true love or anything, but I think a cantaloupe might hurt less.
Oh no no no no no, Gavin can't, he already has plans, most likely with his mother.
Okay. Great! So now that you guys all know you can help me. Give me some advice on how I'm gonna tell Ross!
Yeah! Wait a minute, it's been a long time that I've been single. How come you never offered this before?
Okay, remember uh, remember how you told me that your grandmother put up that wall to make that into two bedrooms?
Oh, okay, well, I think we should let Phoebe decide, because she's the only who's impartial, and she's so pretty.
What, no, no, no, mine are deceptively small I mean, I-I-I actually sometimes, st-stuff my bra.
Oh... I'm sorry. I... I-I don't mean-I didn't mean to stifle you. I... This is all just a little overwhelming.
Oh my God, wait did I-I just said Greens don't quit didn't I? Did I just say Greens don't quit?!
Ugh! Look honey y'know what? I haven't told him yet, so until I do I don't think I should tell anybody else.
Then, we had this big, stupid fight, and I said I wanted to take a break, I don't want to take a break.
Okay. God y'know, if someone told me a week ago that I would be peeing in Joey Tribbiani's apartment...
Yeah and honey I promise next time that I will just say good-bye and tell 'em you're not looking for a relationship.
OK, here we go. Honey, I'm sorry, they were all out of apple pie, someone just got the last piece.
Ohh Tag, umm...you're such a great guy and we have sooo much fun together but I don't-I don't...
Okay, look, Ross, I realise that my Father is difficult, but that's why you have got to be the bigger man here.
So-so, you missed a message from who? Chandler or your mom? Or Chandler? Or your mom?
Remember?! We-come on both had the sarongs on, and we had the-the coconut bikini tops...
Yeah, it's kinda like a 'good luck on your first day' sort of thing. Is this actually a lunchbox?
Careful. Light. Okay, do you know how, just sweep it across the lid. Okay? Just sweep it.
Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's? Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?
Oh well, well thank you. Okay, stop. Stop looking at me like that. The last time that happened, that happened.
Honey, this is not your fault, just because you guys had a fight, it does not justify her sleeping with someone.
Okay. Switch places with me! Switch places with me! Come on! I'll go under, you go over!
Well, y'know, the reason I didn't wanna go running with you is because um, well y'know the way that you run is a little...
I mean y'know, I'm thinking. You could bring her, and you guys could go up to your old room, and not make out.
Monica, number one, I don't think Ben understands the concept of bribery, and number two, I... What?!
Yeah, well, it's an important day. I wanna look nice. Um, has uh Dr. Franzblau been by?
You'd be okay if you knew that Mark had kissed me, and been naked with me, and made love to me?
When she sees that you're gone, she's gonna know that I let you out, and that I was in here, and I'm gonna get fired!
Look, this is not that big of a deal! You just don't date Ross! There's a million other guys out there, you just...
Right. So, what you have to do is, you have to accidentally run into her on purpose. And then act aloof.
Oh God, Ross. Ross is going to pick up the phone. Oh, I have to get my number back. Oh my God. He's gone.
Oh please. Okay, anyone in this room think that I would send Ross begging symbols, please show of hands.
No, I also had to go to a couple houses with him as his girlfriend. Oh, I am just awful with children!
Come on Ross give me the keys! Monica does not know what she's talking about! I am an excellent driver!
I uh, I have two tickets to the Knicks game tonight if you're interested, just as a thank you for this week.
Really?! Okay well then, all right, well just have a seat there. Umm, so what's-what is-what's your name?
Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight with you Ross! Look, urrgh, maybe we should take a break.
Okay, but if it only happened that one time, how come we found your underwear in our apartment the other day?
Well maybe she and her friends are just having a contest to see who can bring home the biggest geek.
Oh, well, I guess I had that one coming. I'm just gonna throw it out, it's probably just a bunch of shampoo and...
I'm not! We're having a girl! Sometimes I can't believe it's with you-But still! We're having a girl!
Oh my God....What's he gonna do now? I can't watch! Oh. Seriously, how can you watch this? Aren't you scared?
Ugh, the worse day! Y'know, you think you're making progress at work and then your boss calls you Raquel.
Okay Phoebe calm down, there's no need to place blame. Okay? I warned her about those candles.
And hey! Just so you know, it's not that common! It doesn't happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!
Y'know what? Fine, I don't care. Don't believe me, I know I'm right-do you guys want to go downstairs and get a drink?
I-I know-I had put them in...in-in my desk at work and I completely forgot about them until today.
Of course I packed! Monica relax! I just wanted to ask Phoebe her opinion on what I should wear tonight.
Hey! Hey, Pheebs, check it out. Yeah, for my desert, I have chosen to make a traditional English truffle!
Yeah. Oh I just wish we could not be married for a little bit! Y'know I just wish we could be like on a break!
Monica, your dad just beeped in, but can you make it quick? Talking to Rome. I'm talking to Rome.
Ok, I'm sorry, I'm just not very good with babies. I mean I haven't been around them, I mean, you know, since I was one.
Yes, yes it is true. And I know this because, because he pretended to be Drake to, to sleep with me.
But see, it was a plan. Y'know, it was clear. It was figured out, and now everything's just kinda like...
Y'know, I-I gotta tell ya, those eye drops are a miracle. My eye is a 100% better.
Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.
Wait, we still have time to talk and they're-they're not even in the car yet! Oh look, there they go, okay.
All right, you know what, that's fine. If you guys want to be children about this, that's fine. I do not need to see it.
I did but she doesn't think anyone would be stupid enough to confuse Kenny the copy guy with Ralph Lauren.
Sup.. You want to talk supportive? You didn't even come and visit me when I was in the hospital having the baby.
Oh, wait Joey! We fought the Nazis in World War II, not World War I.
Oh God, I can't believe you're making such a big deal about this. It was one kiss, one guy, one time!
Oh Joey, I'm sorry I just couldn't tell her all those things you wanted me to tell her. And y'know we got to talking and I...
Well, we were walking down the street and we saw that van that you guys used for catering and we realised...
Hi, I'm sorry I'm late but I am ready, ready to talk you up! When does Liz's father get here?
Wait, wait, Chandler, this is what you're havin' for Thanksgiving dinner? What, what, what is it with you and this holiday?
So what are you saying; I should run him under hot water and bang his head against a table?
I know. I know. I panicked, I panicked. I didn't want him to start yelling at me like I was some '74 Latour.
Ohh! Phoebe, this is all your fault! Now he loves her, he's gonna marry her, and this is all your fault.
And Chandler, you're gonna have to watch those long showers you take in the morning because you know Raquel can't be late.
Phoebe, his music could not get any worse. There are rats in the basement that are hanging themselves.
You know honey, there is a thin line between love and hate, and it turns out that line...is a scarf!
I didn't have to, because I was wearing my 'I heart Ross' sandwich board and ringing my bell.
No-no! Big bear! Big bear outside! I think I-I-would you-actually, would you go check on that?
Oh! Y'know what? You're right! We meet, you flirted and then bamn nine years later you had me!
Yeah I know it's really boring, but it's like a big deal. Anyway, I was thinking about renting Cujo sometime.
Hey-hey-hey that's funny! Your funny Chandler! Your a funny guy! You wanna know what else is really funny?!
Oh, by the way Mon, I don't think the mailman liked your cookies. Here are the ornaments your mom sent.
Ohhhh. Honey, honey, honey, it's okay, it's okay honey. I'm gonna fix you a drink, huh? Maybe a margarita?
But don't you think Rosita would've wanted you to move on? I mean y'know, she did always put...your comfort first.
No. No, because I know exactly how the conversation's gonna go. "Hey Ross, you know, I think we had a moment before."
Oh! I see. And I've sort of been maintaining my amateur status so that I can waitress in the Olympics.
I know. You know, we're just gonna have to figure out a plan tonight. Can you please just take care of her for today?
Yeah, it'll be fun. We'll run in the park. It'll be like our first y'know roommate bonding thing.
Oh wow, eight hours? So you could probably really use one of those plug-in telephone headsets huh?
Ross, you have planned out the next 20 years of our lives, we've been dating for six weeks.
Please. If she said to you, "Ross, I want you on this couch, right here, right now," what would you say?
Oh. Listen, I'm so sorry. I would, I would've never fogged you if y'know if you hadn't looked so.... Y'know.
Excuse me, I wanted you to help, but you couldn't move your arms because you were wearing three life jackets.
Because it took us months to find a good nanny and I wouldn't want anything to, you know, drive her away.
Well, at first it was really intense, you know. And then, oh, god, and then we just sort of sunk into it.
That's crazy! You can't do that! What are you going to tell her? Oh God. Ohh, you already agreed to this, haven't you?
I'm not gonna tell you, but if you found out on your own, that would be okay and then we could talk about it. Right?
Monica, this is Dan , one of the guys that we're gonna be going out with on Saturday. Uh Dan, Monica.
They're not!! Ross, they're just saving them for the important people!! Okay?! What-what if I was the president?!
Oh Ross you're so tense! You just gotta relax okay? Just need to relax all right? Just need to relax...
Hey! Oh Joey, honey listen, thank you for talking to my yesterday about that thing with my boss. That really meant a lot.
Oh come on Ross, we've done it before we'll do it again, it'll be a nice way to bookend the pregnancy.
Ross! Come on! That's all right! Fine--Okay, I have a weird thing about my eye. Can we not talk about it please?
Monica, would you calm down? The credit card people said that you only have to pay for the stuff that you bought.
Yeah. And y'know who should've shut their drapes? Is that perverted old couple two doors over.
All right, you know what? This isn't funny anymore. There's something about me on that piece of paper and I want to see it.
She was just crawling around and she found him, so I just let her sleep with him. That's all right? Isn't it?
And that was so sweet of you to ask! Oh my God, the three of us are gonna have such a good time living together!
Oh, please, Monica. You've always hated my lamp, and then, all of a sudden, it's just magically broken?
Honey, it's so sweet that you want me to stay, but I-I can't do that to you. I mean it would disrupt your entire life.
When?! After the birth of our first secret child?! Ross didn't get the annulment; we are still married.
No, actually first they started on my waist. And then, they slid up, and then, they were in my hair.
All right, I took them. But I figured it would be okay because you got a big ink stain on the crotch.
Alright, I don't wanna alarm anybody, but Monica's hair is twice as big as it was when we landed!
Jill this is not about me being jealous of you! This is about you being a brat! Wanting what you can't have!
Cats, how long do they live figuring you don't... y'know, throw 'em under a bus or something?
Oh no, yes I do! I do! I mean, come on go on, you were, you were saying I am happier when uh, y'know?
Well, I just lost a job, and I'd like to raise the bet five bucks. Does anybody have a problem with that?
Oh no! Yes! Of course, I know that! I just-I meant y'know are you still a 'We' or are you just 'You?'
Oh, you're one of those. But y'know what? I have two sisters of my own and we just-just tortured each other.
Oh! Hi you guys, oh my God! You'll never gonna believe happened to me today! I am sitting in my office and...
You don't tell a guy that you're looking for a serious relationship! You don't tell the guy that! Now you scared him away!
Okay, okay, okay, look, just don't freak out, but I kinda lost it. I know it's in the apartment, but I definitely lost it.
Agh, what a jerk. I kept talking about you and he kept asking me out. I mean, naturally, you know, I said no.
Hi. Hey, hi! So uh, Frank and Alice wanted me to tell you that they're still outside making phone calls.
Okay. Ah, well we'll just see about that, okay. I will read The Shining, and you will read Little Women.
Yes, yes, it does. Okay, look, the restaurant called, they wanna know if you're gonna be showing up for work?
Oh, did you beat him at a board game? He turns into such a baby when he starts to lose.
I'm not vanilla! I've done lots of crazy things! I mean I got-I got drunk and married in Vegas!
Oh, hon can you grab me my other box of tissues? They're right on that chair under Ross's coat.
Okay, see, see, you guys, what if we don't get magic beans? I mean, what if all we've got are.. beans?
Ross, you know what? She may need one..We're just going to have to make our peace with that! Monica and Chandler's apartment.
God, I'm not lame, okay. I can do something. I can throw, would you let me throw, come on this is my game too.
Okay. Okay. All right, you take care of that. And meanwhile, the party is tomorrow and we still don't have a guest list.
Oh no-no-no-no-no, I'm still waiting to hear from that job and the store closes at nine, so you can eat then.
I know, but I was just thinking about how huge this is for me. I didn't even go to how huge this was going to be for the father.
Wow! This is shaping up to be a pretty good date-Oh, I almost forgot. I didn't pay you the rent check.
Yeah-but come on-Listen, I'm sorry I don't want to make you uncomfortable, but I told Phoebe that it happened and she doesn't believe me.
Oh please, I hate packing, it's closer to work, and we do have fun. Although, I'm really gonna miss living with you.
Not stupid. The very cute, cute, cute doctors asked us out for tomorrow night, and I said "yes."
I don't know, I mean, this is just my initial gut feeling... but I'm thinking... oh, I'm thinking it'd be really great.
Anyway, there's this big charity ball this weekend and Ralph Lauren bought a table, so I kinda have to go...
This is such a great party! 35 years. Very impressive, do you guys have any pearls of wisdom?
Honey, y'know I just gotta tell you, I think this is such a terrific thing you're having these babies for Frank and Alice.
Alright. Well then how about I call your supervisor, and I tell her that you shot my friend in the ass with a dart?
Yeah, I do. I think you should go, by yourself, get some distance, clear your head, I think it'd be really good.
What? Oh, well then y'know what? I think Monica would be very interested to know that you called her cheesecake dry and mealy.
Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey.
Not working with me, Joe! Here's the thing: lately I have been having thoughts musings, if you will!
Gone! I mean its amazing Pheebs. I feel so free and so graceful. Hey! Look out for the horse! Sorry!
Nooo! Hello? Oh, yeah, no, I know, I-I haven't been using it much. Oh, well, thanks, but, I'm okay, really.
Yeah! Oh, umm when-when Monica and Chandler got engaged I started putting some stuff together, y'know just in case...
Fifty-two minutes. So no-no brothers and sisters, huh? That must be nice. You don't have to share stuff.
Oh no-no-no don't say but! No-no, but's never good! Let's just leave it at, you like me and I like you.
That is right and traditionally the daddy is supposed to give the mummy a present but I am prepared to let that go.
Wow! This explains so much! Last weekend, I went from store to store sitting on Santa's lap.
That-that is your make out buddy. Don't you recognize him? Oh wait. Ohh, Phoebe I love you. Kiss me please.
Well this has story behind it! I mean they had to ship it all the way from the White Plains store.
Oh well then, so I'm just going to go back to talking to my friend here. And you can go back to enjoying your little hamburger.
No! No! Phoebe, come on! I don't want to switch! Please come on! I can throw wet paper towels here!
Ohh. Oh, so you really wanted to learn. Yeah, y'know, Pheebs I just wanted to have fun. Ohh, you know who you should go with?
And umm, vintage handkerchiefs y'know 'cause, people cry at weddings. I'm just gonna grab a couple of these.
Okay now Joey, y'know that since you're returning all of this stuff right after the audition you're gonna have to wear underwear?
Don't worry, we're just gonna search here for an hour, them we're gonna go over to Joey's and search, OK?
Okay..Okay.. Look. I'm sorry that I lied to you before. You were right. Ralph and I were an item but were not anymore.
Yeah, yeah and you know what, I know she's gonna wanna run again, I just don't know how to get out of it, I mean, I live with her.
Wh, Ross what do you want from me? You want me, you want me to quit my job so you can feel like you have a girlfriend?
We've got to find a new pediatrician. Ross was getting sick last night, and I think Emma may have caught it.
The logic is, that there are two of us and we are both strong enough to break a chair in half!
Yes, it bothers me Ross, but y'know if he was a regular at the coffee house, I'd be serving him sneezers.
Ohh, whoa God! Storage rooms give me the creeps! Monica, come on please hurry up honey! Please?
Gunther, Gunther, please, I've worked here for two and a half years, I know the empty trays go over there.
I don't know Tag! How can your genitals make phone calls? Okay? It's not a perfect world! Just go please.
Terry is a jerk, ok? That's why we're always saying "Terry's a jerk!" That's where that came from.
Let me tell you something. As a woman there is nothing sexier than a man who does not want to have sex.
So, come on, what was the big news Pete wanted to tell you Mon?! Or should I say Mrs. Monica Becker?
Hey! Y'know what? You are in our apartment all the time! Okay? This is, this is just a drop in the bucket mister!
Hi, Pheebs? Okay, so just spoke to the nurse and the reason that your doctor is late is because uh, she's not coming.
Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow.
Oh oh oh, wait! You only got whipped cream in there! Ya gotta take a bite with all the layers!
No! Joey please! Please don't! Please don't leave like this! Now come on, you cannot do this to a pregnant woman!
Oh, Monica, you think Skippy liked you? Honey, all those buys had a bet to see if he can knock you over.
Oh, it was great! We got everything that we needed! Oh and Ross, almost got something that wasn't on the list. A whore.
We should defiantly play football more often. Maybe there's a like league we could join or something.
Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?
Oh I'm sorry mummy's so sorry go back to sleep go back to sleep. Shh. Shhh! Go back to sleep.
Huh. Well, then you'd better keep it away from Ross's hair. So this is pretty rare. How did you get that?
No, forget it! No way! I am not sending anymore Ralph Lauren clothes to prison. It is a waste.
Yeah, oh my God, tomorrow! That, no, it's perfect. Oh God, thank you soo much. Great! Bye! I got the interview!
Ha! See, I knew, I knew you'd get it on the first guess. Isn't it cool! It's an apothecary table.
Okay, okay, okay, I got one! Anyway- The valentine Tommy Rollerson left in your locker was really from me.
Chandler! Patrick just uh, ended things with me. Did you or did you not tell him that I was looking for a serious relationship?
No, no, trust, me, it's, it's, it's much better that I know. Uh, I just liked it better before it was better...
Don't worry, we're just gonna search here for an hour, and then we're gonna go over to Joey's and search, OK?
You're going to have a baby, and you need to be prepared. Now, you're going to make yourself watch the whole thing. Just do it!
Okay, uh, you let me go grocery shopping, and I buy laundry detergent, but it's not the one with the easy-pour spout.
C'mon, I'm not saying it was a bad movie, I'm just saying, you know, it was a little. . . hard to follow.
Oh, right. Sorry. But Tag's not coming; his girlfriend came into town, so he's spending Thanksgiving with her.
Oh, come on! He's glad that I came, he doesn't want me to go anywhere, balls flying all over the place!
Well, there is one thing that we haven't tried, but someone thinks that, "That will open up a can of worms."
Oh! You know, I just... couple of things I tried ... I just sang a little doo... Itsy Bitsy Spider...
Honey, I don't know how to tell you this, but um, if something were to happen to Ross or to myself um you wouldn't get the baby.
All this stuff takes up a lot of room. Hey how uh, how serious are you about keeping Ben in your life?
No, I know, but Ihe just went on. He's right there, he's got the blue jacket on, I... can I j-just...
Puzzler. A bit of a puzzle. Why don't you um, check the copy room, maybe you left the contracts in there?
Someone? I brought people. Mr. Thompson, this is Phoebe. Phoebe, this is Mr. Thompson. He's the head of my department.
I'm sure he will forgive you. Look, we have all been there! Y'know, you fight, you make up, it's just the way it works.
She was kinda stupid. You're right. All right, I'm just gonna go on the date. I'm gonna go on the date. That is the new plan.
You guys! It was bananas, cream, and beef! I-I just cannot believe that you ate that so that I wouldn't feel bad!
Horny bitch. No! You're a horny bitch! Noooo! You're the horny bitch! No! You're a horny bitch!
Ugh. Excuse me, could you give this to that guy over there? Go ahead. Thank you. Sorry. Okay, Las Vegas.
Joey look, just look at it this way, the sooner Phoebe breaks Chandler the sooner this is all over and out in the open.
I'm not jealous. All right this is about, umm, people feeling certain things y'know about strippers. And y'know, and um, I...
Oh yeah! But you know what? If you need Hugsy, don't worry. Emma will totally understand. I won't... but whatever .
Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of Chanel...
Oh is it?! Uhh, hello? Yes hi, is Rachel there? Yes she is, just one moment please. It's for me!
man sharks. I always knew there was something weird about that dude. But you promised to love him no matter what.
Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?
All right, y'know what? If you don't want to believe me about this, why don't you just come with me to dinner tonight and she will tell you.
All right look lady here is the deal, I came here for an annulment and I am not leaving here until I get one!
Well, it would be easier to move just right across the hall. Wait a minute, unless you're thinking about Naked Wednesday's.
Wait, but there's no money! Well this is terrible! You guys are gonna have to get married in like a, rec. center!
Come on Ross! I'm miserable here! Come on! You started this, now you finish it! Come on wuss, make love to me.
Oh that's so cute: Ross and Mike's first date. Is that going to be awkward? I mean, what are you guys going to talk about?
See? Why, Gavin, why? Right when I'm about to change my opinion of you, you go and you ... and you do that ...
Hey, Mon, if you were hoping to sleep with Joshua the first time tonight, which one of these would you want to be wearing.
Well, y'know what? I go see my doctor tomorrow, I'll ask her about this. Maybe she can give me a pill or something.
Oh please, theyve been going out a week. They havent even slept together yet, I mean, thats not serious.
I have so got it. There's gonna be rumours about this, there's no way to stop it. Sophie knows, Monica and Phoebe know.
Gavin, I just wanted to say thank you again for watching Emma yesterday during the presentation. I really owe you an appology.
I know, I know. And oh, and this time Chip promised that-that this time it will last at least for an entire song!
Y'know when I locked myself in the bathroom at my wedding, it was because I was trying to pop the window out of the frame.
Good! 'Cause I've got a product report to read, it's like eight pages, I hope I don't fall asleep.
But Joey, I don't think Ross wants me to move into his apartment and disrupt his life like that. I mean--Or he does.
Yeah, you know what we should all do? We should play that game where everyone says one thing that they're thankful for.
Oh, no! No you guys! Come on, you don't have to do that! I'm happy for him! I am! I really-I'm-I'm happ-I'll work on it.
Ross! We broke up two years ago; you've been married since then. I think it's okay that we see other people.
Yeah, I love that story. Um, I got a question for you guys. Why do people keep is saying that is good to see me up and about?
Phoebe, come on! What is the big deal? I thought this was going to be something we could do together! Y'know, I thought it would be fun!
Umm, okay. But while you dial, let me show you the features of my new ringing handbag. Oh, it does work!
Yeah-yeah, did-didn't you use to have a pair? They were really round, burgundy, and they made you look kind of umm...
Ross I'm so sorry. Okay. I-I will promise I will straighten this out with him tomorrow in person, or via e-mail.
Hello? Um, yeah, uh, Okay ah, hold on a second, lemme lemme just check and see if see if she's here.
OK, alright, OK, um... then could you please, uh... just give him a message for me? Please? This is very important.
No, I just mean that, you know, first impressions don't mean anything. And I-I think you're a really good guy and I'm sorry that I misjudged you.
When a guy breaks up with his girlfriend, what is an appropriate amount of time to wait before you make a move?
Oh, I've got big Valentine's plans! I've got my Chinese food on the way, and the rest of your saltwater taffy!
Well y'know what? I hope Monica forgives you after you throw her, her vegetarian, voodoo, goddess circley shower!
Ooh, I just wish we hadn't lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
Ross-Ross, you have no idea what this means to me! I mean, I mean I was gonna be homeless. You just saved me! You're my hero!
I can not believe I have to walk down the aisle in front of 200 people looking like something you drink when your nauseous.
It's the woman from the hospital admissions office. She says there's a problem with the form. Oh, god, oh god...
Whoa-whoa, there's two living rooms? God, growing up here, this place must've been a real babe magnet.
Okay, listen, I'm thinking, why don't we just tell them who we really are? I mean, it'll be fine, I really think it'll be fine.
She is so good at throwing drinks in people's faces, I mean I don't think I've ever seen her finish a beverage.
Okay, y'know what, y'know what? This playing hard to get thing is not working. Umm, hand-hand me those cherries. Okay. Okay. Hi!
Look Amy, it got a little of control..Um.. and I'm sorry. You're my sister and uh.. if it really means that much to you..
So? You guys are all sleep deprived. I don't see you weeping because you put your slippers on the wrong feet. Oh God.
Well, y'know what? Thanks to you I'm half way there! Ugh! Oh! I am so mad! Ross, I don't think I have ever been this angry!
Oh, I have to pee. If I don't come out in five minutes it's because I've choked to death on the potpourri stink.
I don't know, let me think. I was walking down the street thinking, 'I'm gonna tell the father today' and then bam!
Well, because if one more person says "what a cute little boy" I'm gonna whip them with a car antenna!
Oh come on Ross, why are we wasting our time with this other stuff?! We know what's gonna work! It's doctor recommended!
Well, it was, and you would have seen it if you didn't showed up at ... 9:30?? God! Oh, this party was lame ...
Okay, hold on just a second. I'm sorry, it's for human resources, everybody has to do it. Could you just stand up please?
I wanna sleep, I wanna eat, I wanna take a shower, I mean before she wakes up and we gotta do this all over again.
Excuse me, can I, can I bum one of those? Y'know what, actually... Okay, okay, okay, what's so funny over here?
Yeah, I can't live with Joey once the baby comes. I don't want my child's first words to be, "How you doin'?"
No I know, because to be a grandmother you have to be married and have children and I don't have any of those things. That's why it's so funny.
Pheebs, this guy has been obsessed with your sister, for God knows how long, okay, you don't just give up something like that.
Hi! I'm so sorry to barge in on your Valentine's, but I had to get away from all the yelling. Mona is dumping Ross.
Dear losers, do you really think I'd hide presents under the couch? P.S. Chandler, I knew they'd break you.
No! Phoebe just because I'm alone doesn't mean I wanna walk around naked. I mean, you live alone, you don't walk around naked.
No. No no no no no. That's Rodney McDowell. Andie McDowell is the guy from Planet of the Apes.
Oh whose side are you on? I'm not giving you Emma because there is no way you could handle the responibility of a child.
Yeah hon, it can't hurt to put your name down! I mean in if two years if you're not engaged you just don't use it.
So I thought Joey and I would be okay once we hung out, but it's not even like we know how to be with each other anymore.
Everybody? Shh, shhh. Uhhh... Central Perk is proud to present the music of Miss Phoebe Buffay.
Why? Who's not having. . . Are you and Julie not, are, are you and, are you and Julie not having sex?
No no no no no. You wanted me to take them down, so... ..Im takin em down. Okay? Whoa!
Okay, honey, what he means by that, is ...while this is a very nice gift, maybe it's just not something a boyfriend gives?
No! Y'know what? No! No! You thing was so stupid anyway, this was ridiculous-We're gonna flip a coin! All right?! Heads!
Daddy, daddy, you know what, I really wanna hear more about this, I really do, but I just have, I just have to do a, some stuff.
Thirty. Ugh, I mean thirty! Monica, do you remember mean, old Mrs. Kreeger in the fifth grade? She was thirty!
Nodded off!! Ross you were snoring. My father's boat didn't make that much noise when it hit rocks!
Don't worry I promise that you will only have to be pregnant for a few more hours, 'cause I'm going to tell the father today.
Pete the Weeper? Remember that guy who used to cry every time we had sex. "Was it good for you?"
Oh you missed it. She was laughing. Oh it was amazing. It was amazing. It was the most beautiful, beautiful sound that...
No-no, that wasn't me! Well, we should get started. Let me show you my underwear. The selection of underwear we carry.
Because I'm married. That's right, I am a married woman! And I came to a TV star's apartment to have an affair! Uck!
Me? I'm great! I'm fine! I'm sooo good!! But, you know who's not great?! Men! You're a man right Ross?!
Oh y'know what? Y'know what? Now that you know what you want you should go to Kleinman's and get it half off. This place is so overpriced.
Yes! Yes! I got half a mind to contract that doctor's uterus though. Mild discomfort, what's he talking about?
Gee, I always heard them talk about that, I just always thought that it was a club they went to. Oh God, I'm, I'm sorry.
It was like this crazy-eyed, hairy beast man! He was like a, like a bigfoot or a yeti or something!
So we're okay, we're okay, we're okay, aren't we? No, we're not okay, we're not okay, there's a bump, there's a bump.
No! No! Seriously, what's wrong with the dog?! Wait a minute, what are you doing home so early? What happened to your date?
Oh, between you telling him that I wanted to have a fling and me putting out on the first date-oh, he's so gonna get the wrong idea.
Honey, you're taking this the wrong way. We think you're going to be a wonderful parent. It's just.. you're more the fun parent.
Oh right, 'cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your butt cheeks.
Ugh, is she pregnant yet? She doesn't need to be; she'll still have the baby before I do. Oh Ross, another contraction!
I don't know, his uh, his hair never really bothered me that much, and y'know it was always more crunchy than it was greasy.
Phoebe, what the hell are you talking about? Other than their names being similar, I'm sorry, I do not see what you're seeing.
Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, this is so stupid! I mean, I gave Barry up, right? I should be happy for them! I am, I'm happy for them.
All right, will you, will you at least tell him how hollow and unsatisfying this, dating tons of women thing is!
A vacation? My idea of a vacation does not involve something sucking on my nipples until they are raw.
I screwed up so bad, I told Monica that I would stuff and send all these wedding invitations like weeks ago and I-I...
Hey. Oh, I have a question. If-if-if one of you had to pick one of the other two guys to go out with, who would you pick?
I dunno.. I-I thought it looked better there. And I- and also, it's an extra seat around the coffee table.
So from that you think you've got me all figured out? Well, you don't! Y'know I-I could have toys for underprivileged kids in here!
Wait a minute! You let Ross drive the Porsche and when I ask you, you say you're the only one who's allowed to drive it.
That's right, he can have his job back. I'm glad we got that all straightened out. There you go, Joey, you got your job back.
Okay. Um...But-Okay, yes Ross and I used to date. And yes we are gonna have a baby. But we are definitely not getting back together.
...So a bird just grabbed it, and then tried to fly away with it and, and then just dropped it on the street?
Oh that's five Ross. Five women have had five babies! And I have had no babies! Why doesn't she want to come out?
Okay, but Pheebs, Pheebs, Jack gave up a cow, I gave up an orthodontist. Okay, I-I-I know, I know I didn't love him-
Ben y'know when uh, when you were a baby, you and I used to hang out all the time. 'Cause I was, I was your daddy's girlfriend.
Oh, Joey, come on! Please, please! Let me come, I will behave, I promise! I will behave! Please, please, please...
Oh, uh, Joanna I was wondering if I could ask you something. There's an opening for an assistant buyer in Junior Miss...
No, honey, they're not, but don't worry, because we are going to find them, and until we do, we are all here for you, ok?
We just uh, we just met at the newsstand. We both grabbed for the last Field & Stream. What? I read that.
No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden?
Nothing! Phoebe kinda made a mistake. But y'know you do wear that sweater a lot, are you involved in some kind of dare?
Okay. All right. Honey listen. When I tell you what I'm about to tell you, I need you to remember that we are all here for you and that we love you.
Yeah but, my assistant Tag does sit-ups in the office during lunch. Ohh! I could just spread him on a cracker.
So, I'm in my apartment doing the Soap Opera Digest crossword puzzle, and guess who the clue is for three down.
Oh, I would love some. But y'know what? Y'know what? Let's not drink it here. I'm feeling kinda crazy. You wanna go to Newark?
No, no Phoebe no, I was...no. You know what, I was, I was actually just checking to, see, if I could run. And I can!
Really. Mindy, if it'll make you feel any better, when I was engaged to him he went through a whole weird thing too.
Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you're, you're, you're making this too hard.
Well, they said would but they would only give me store credit. I mean, what am I going to do, get a thousand regular cats?
And there's a peach cobbler warming in the oven so the plate's gonna be hot but that shouldn't be a problem for you.
I just never had a relationship with that kind of passion, you know, where you have to have somebody right there, in the middle of a theme park.
"Dear losers, do you really think I'd hide presents under the couch? P.S.: Chandler, I knew they'd break you."
The earring? No. But look, I found my sunglasses under the couch! I've been looking for these since like last summer.
I mean, look-look today you escaped death, y'know? And maybe this is a chance for you to escape getting back together with Emily?
Hey Mon, let's give Pete a chance Come on, he was funny, he seems really nice, and that check thing was adorable.
Y'know, I know it's totally superficial and we have absolutely nothing in common, and we don't even speak the same language but Goooooooddddddd....
Yeah! Y'know, ever since I ran out on Barry at the wedding, I have wondered whether I made the right choice. And now I know.
Oh, Ross, relax. It's probably like two dollars for the first contraction, and then fifty cents for each additional contraction.
And you know which one we should see? The 1996 Tony award winner. Do you happen to know the name of that one?
It's just physical and I have it totally under control! Ok? It's just, when I see them together, sometimes I just get a little jealous!
Honey, come on, I have to be at work in like ten minutes Oh, all right, well it's not like I'm employee of the year or anything.
Oh God, it says he was hit by an ice cream truck and dragged for nine--teen blocks. Oh. Oh my God.
How would you like to sit in a chair that fully reclines, has a rolling massage, and speakers in the head rest?
Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as the rest of you.
Okay, y'know, would you feel better if we went someplace else? I mean we could pack all this stuff up and y'know go to your apartment.
All right, now don't judge me. I normally wait until my date leaves, but you live here. I'm ripping into this swan.
Yeah. Well. Hey uh Joe, would mind going over to Chandler's bedroom and get that book back that he borrowed from me?
Aww, Joey, come here. Look honey, I know this must be really, really difficult for you and I--Oh, I'm sorry. Am I hurting you?
Well, that's a lot better than Ross trying to kiss me in High School, and saying that he did it because he needed chapstick.
No! Ross, come on! No! Listen, look I thought a lot about how to tell you this and the bottom line, Ross, is we can not stay married.
Love to love ya baby! Ow! Love to love ya baby! Ow! Love to love ya, baby! Darnit! Ugh.
I don't know, I mean I would give anything to work for a designer, y'know, or a buyer.... Oh, I just don't want to be 30 and still work here.
Okay Joey, first of all Kash Ford is not people. Second of all, what did he say when you told him I was pregnant?
Oh, please!Honey, just the fact that you want me here to support you, I'm...OH MY GOD!Is that Christian Sanders?He's so gorgeous!
Well that was depressing, I think I just bought a soft pretzel from one of the kids from Fame. Ready to go to the movies?
She is not Rachem. What the hell's a Rachem? Is that some stupid paleontology word that I wouldn't know because I'm just a waitress.
Yeah, seriously coz this is really heavy. I mean not for me because i'm only pretending to hold this, but for these guys.
Well, it'd better not be about the apartment pants, because I just pitched the idea to my boss at Ralph Lauren and she loved it.
Okay, well this is all very impressive Hilda, um I just have one last question for you. Uh, how did I do? Was this okay?
Oh they are nice. We-we custom-make tuxedos for celebrities and then when they're done with them they just send 'em back.
Okay, swear you won't tell, but when Mark left he gave me a key to Joanna's office. Do you wanna see the list?
Wow, Monica, I love that, you really have faith in me. Thank you. Technical question, how do you know when uh, the butter's done?
Well, umm, I guess I read Little Women more than once. But I mean that's a classic, what's so great about The Shining?
Uh-huh. No, I hear what you're saying and-and-and that makes a lot of sense but can I just say one more thing? Look how pretty!
Ok mom, you know what, fine, I'll make an appointment ok, but you know what, right now, I gotta go, I gotta go do a thing.
Oh, yeah, yeah. Actually, I got the extended disco version, with three choruses of "You'll never make it on your own".
Okay great, hold on a sec! Oh, here you go! You don't mind do ya? That would really help me out a lot! Thanks!
When somebody does not buzz you in, Ross, that means go away. That doesn't mean please climb up the fire escape.
No! I'm sorry, honey, it's just that last week I got all but three answers and I really want to finish a whole one without any help.
Oh Mon, listen I have to ask! Okay, Joey Tribbiani invited me back to his apartment, now does he do this with a lot of girls?
Yeah I know-I'm good-I got it! Now wait a minute, I've got one more thing I have to say to you...oh right! Shut up!
Okay, as everybody has ordered, I would like to start the celebration and make a toast ... to Phoebe. She dropped her sock.
Well, I did my best to convince him that I'm not some crazy girl who is dying to get married-I'm just going through a hard time.
Y'know I don't, I don't understand guys, I mean I-I would never congratulate Monica on a great stew by y'know, grabbin' her boob.
Well, not at first, but it was very intricate work and they said even though they lost their sight, it was all worth it.
Oh my gosh! Oh wow! Oh, I know what this is! Wait a minute. That can't be right. Is that a beer bong for a baby?
Y'know what else is really great about him, oh, what is the word for the adult that doesn't have dinosaur toys in their bedroom?
Hi, welcome to our tropical Christmas party. You can put your coats and sweaters and pants and shirts in the bedroom.
Wow! I don't know if I could ever do that. I always figured the first time I had a baby was with somebody I love and that baby would be a...keeper.
Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene.
Well, they never have any paper in there y'know. So my rule is 'no tissue, no tuschy.' Well, if everybody's going.
What? Come on, it's not like I'm asking for this girly clock or anything, which, by the way, I also think is very cool.
Ohh, yeah, well I wanted to give Emily a big American good-bye cheer. So okay! Ready! Okay! Gimme an 'E!'
Umm Pheebs, remember when we were in the coffee house we decided that I was going to keep the uh, the cute guy's cell phone?
Uh, yeah. Uh, Monica, y'know, honey, I've been thinking about it and I've decided thisthis whole Ross thing, it's just not a good idea.
Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt for sanity.
No! I mean come on! This is a huge deal! Fine I want-I need more details, who-who initiated the first kiss?
Don't say anything. I don't wanna speak, I don't wanna think. I just want you to take me and kiss me and make love to me right here, right now.
You are right there with Emily. And it's y'know, it's kinda like.... it's a tie! Well, I gotta get, I gotta get back to the dishes.
I know, but it's just it's the first time, and I just don't want her to think that because I didn't marry Barry, that my life is total crap, you know?
I have the best job in the entire world! The most adorable guy came over today, and I got to dress him up all day!
Come on, it's not a big deal! We stayed up all night coming up with a plan so that us dating will not be a problem.
Joey, you're such an amazing actor! How do you know where Dr. Drake Remoray leaves off and Joey Tribbiani begins?
I'm just bummed about the way I left things with Ross. I shouldn't have lied to him about having to work. He seemed so mad at me.
You're sister? You're sister's asleep on the couch? Ohhh! I saw her with you on the subway and now she's asleep on the couch!
Yeah, I said what was okay when I thought she was some weird bald chick. I mean, y'know, that girl has hair got all over head!
Oh wow. That-y'know what? That is so unfair. Y'know what? Now I want to steal your thunder! Come on Ross, let's go have sex!
Well, oh, Mark, I'm doing this for the wrong reasons, y'know? I'm just doing it to get back at Ross. I'm sorry, it's not very fair to you.
Aw, it's unbelievable! Wow! She is kicking so much! Oh, she's like umm...oh...who's that kind of annoying girl soccer player?
Oh. That's so Monica can keep track. That way if one on them is missing, she can be like, 'Where's number 27?!'
That's-that's great! See? I already feel like I know you a little better! Thank you. Okay, come on. Now we can go eat. Let's go.
I can't believe you don't want to know. I mean, I couldn't not know, I mean, if, if the doctor knows, and Carol knows, and Susan knows....
Doctor you gotta do something! I think you gotta give me drugs or you gotta light a fire up in there and just smoke it out.
It was ... oh my god. He didn't have a last name. It was just "Tag". You know, like Cher, or, you know, Moses.
This one's from Joey... feels like a book. Thinks it's a book... feels like a book. And... ...it's a book!
Hi! Sorry to bother you, but I don't think we can accept your acceptance of our apology, it just doesn't really seem like you mean it.
Okay! Okay-okay look-no I did, I just wanted this stuff and I know how you feel about Pottery Barn. Just... Come on don't be mad.
Well, you're lucky you never met that bitch Sharon Majesky. Anyway, umm... The rest of you life, y'know? Any regrets?
Well, let me just check that with what I got here, all right see 038 is not the number for this store, 038 is Atlanta. And I...
Phoebe, come on can we finish this later? Cause I wanna go running before it gets dark. Oh! Why don't you come with me?!
I thought this might happen today. Ross, I know the holidays can be rough. Y'know? And it's probably really hard for you to be alone right now.
All right. All right, all right, all right, all right, I know it's stupid! I will go see him this afternoon, and I will just put an end to it!
No, there's nothing to make up, she's gonna know that I have a key to her office, I've got to get you locked up back the way you were!
Oh it was great! It was great! I went down there just like you said, y'know? And we talked business. Kim totally took my opinions.
Ohh, well, isn't that just lovely. That's something the two of you will be able to enjoy for a really, really, really, really, really long time.
Oh you're not. You're not gonna get in the middle of anything, don't worry about Ross really, really. Oh! Hide! That's Ross! Hide! Hide!
Oh yeah, it's fine, it's fine. Sandy was just... was just telling me about how he proposed to his fiance and it was just sooo beautiful.
What, what, wait a minute! You haven't even told her you were a doctor, yet? How long have you known her, likean hour?
Ohh, it's gonna be so great! I'm gonna get to help decide what we sell, I'm gonna have an office with walls and everything. I'm gonna have walls!
Yeah. Your teeth? Yes, I saw them from outside. You guys are never going to believe this. But, Phoebe made out with Ralph Lauren.
Come on, it's a hypnosis tape. This woman at work used it for two weeks straight and she hasn't smoked since.
Jealous of what? Of your lack of responsiblity? You, your immaturity? Your total disregard of other people's feelings?
Well, uh something about having second thoughts about the wedding and did you guys make a mistake breaking up and uh, she wants you to call her.
Hey, y'know what? I'm not waiting! I'm gonna push this baby out! I'm doing it! I mean it's what? Three centimeters? That's gotta be like this!
Ok. You decorate dad's office and so now you're a decorator. Okay! I went to the zoo yesterday and now I'm a koala bear.
Me either. Umm, all right, first thing I need you to do is go downstairs and find a women named Hilda and tell her to go home.
Good. Although y'know, he-he's a private guy. Y'know, I wish I could get him to open up a little bit, share some feelings.
Well, I was actually-I-I came over here to-to borrow this lamp. To umm, look at my books, y'know, see them a little better.
Okay! Here we go! Okay! Hi, Joey! It's Rachel! Umm, I am free tomorrow night. Yeah, sure, sure I can bring some sandwiches.
Oh my God! Oh my God!! Ohh, Jessica Lockhart!! In my apartment!! I am such a huge fan! I am such a huge fan!
What? You wanna see me self-defend myself?! Go over there and pretend you're a sexual predator! Go on! I dare ya!!
Chandler, I gotta tell you, I love your mom's books! I love her books! I cannot get on a plane without one! I mean, this is so cool!
Ooh, I was soo nervous about that letter. But the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you've grown. Y'know?
Okay, come on-Joey, I'll buy you a new one! All right? We'll go down to the store right now and we'll-we'll get you a new chair.
Hey, come on! I had this friend from college and I made the stupid mistake of telling Joey that one time...she and I y'know...kissed a little bit.
Oh no, I know that. I know that. Although, we made a joke that we spend so much time together he should call me his work wife.
Anyway, I'm going to be the coordinator of the woman's collection, I'll work right under the director, it's the perfect, perfect job for me!
You WHAT? You sang... to our baby daughter... a song about a guy who likes to have sex with women with giant asses?
No! Downstairs! And we got to talking y'know, for like two hours, and I really liked him so I invited him up here for a cup of coffee.
Okay, very cute braces. Anyway y'know what, the point is Tag, start looking because you are going to find those contracts on your desk.
All right let me see. Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy Hammel?
Woow!I haven't seen you this worked up since you did that dog food commercial and you thought you were gonna be with a real talking dog!
Are you kidding?! With the, with the lilies, and-and the song, and the stars! It was...really wonderful! Did you just make that up?
Oh oh no just stopped to throw up a little bit. Oh come on, what am I gonna do, its been hours and it won't stop crying.
Well, someone was supposed to write "Rach, take down the lights" and put it on the re... frigerate... How long has that been there?
Ok, he's goin' to get my coat. He's goin' to get my coat. Oh my god, you guys. I can't believe this. This is unbelievable. What's that?
Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some graveyard dirt and hang it from a north-facing tree?
Well, there was a disaster in shipping and I've got to get this order in. Honey, I'm so sorry, but it looks like I'm gonna be here all night.
And y'know what, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to bed now, but ah, on my way to work tomorrow morning, I'm gonna stop by around 8:30.
But I couldn't even if I wanted to, because I don't know! I swear; I didn't see anything, and I don't want to know! It was just a momentary lapse.
God, the first time he smiled at me... those three seconds were more exciting than three weeks in Bermuda with Barry.
Okay you have to realize, I was exhausted, I was emotional, I would have said yes to anybody. Like that time you and I got married! I'm not helping.
I am so sick of guys. I don't want to look at another guy, I don't want to think about another guy, I don't even want to be near another guy.
Well, I was thinking maybe a um, a romantic dinner with um, candles and wine and then uh, maybe going back to my place for um, dessert.
Well y'know I was just in the neighborhood and I passed by your building and I thought to myself, "What's up with Carol and sweet, little Ben?"
Hey! Y'know, sometimes you can do everything right, everyone can wear everything they're supposed to wear, and one of those little guys just gets through!
Y'know what? I've just had it with high school boys! They are just silly. Silly, stupid boys! I'm going to start dating men!
Look Joey, come on she's so perfect for you! I mean she's sweet, she-she likes baseball, and she-she had two beers at lunch.
Oh no! No! No-no-no-no! No, I mean come on that's-that's crazy-I mean that's crazy. So what's-what's going on with you? What is going on with you?
You know what? I've been thinking about it. I'm really coming around on the name Ruth. I think I would actually consider naming our child that.
Yeah! Guess who walks into my office is the end of my story. It was Ralph Lauren! Ralph Lauren walked into my office!
What? Oh y'know what? Can we please keep the chicken and the turkey and everything on the other side of the table? The smell is just yuck!
Well, the point is, maybe I should just stop waiting around for moments with Ross, you know? I should just . . . move on with my life.
What's with the rain, Geller? I mean, when I signed up for Dino Week, nobody said anything about it being monsoon season.
Noo! Maybe! I, I don't know. Ross, I still can't forgive you for what you did, I can't, I just, but sometimes when I'm with you I just, I feel so...
Yeah! You know, ever since I had that dream about him, and can't get it out of my head! And what's the big deal, people do it all the time!
He is, isn't he? I don't know, I don't know, I mean maybe it's just being here at the beach together or, I don't know. But it's like something...
Oh really? So you're saying they just slid out of your bottom drawer, crawled across the floor, then jumped on to my desk?!
Um, this is gonna sound kinda goofy but uhhm, my friend over there, who cooks by the way, um, she thinks you're cute.
Oh my goodness, she had the smoothest skin! I mean when I stuck that dollar bill in her g-string and grazed her thigh...
Oh, wait yes, but I can't eat too much. Paul is taking me out to dinner tonight, he said he has a big surprise planned.
"Oh my God, I can't find a boyfriend! So I guess I'll just stumble across the hall and sleep with the first guy I find in there!"
And if you need anything else, I do not believe we've met. Hi. I'm, uh, Rachel Green. I'm Carol's... ex-husband's... sister's roommate.
Okay, um, I... All right Phoebe look, I just wanted to say that I'm sorry. OK? I handled the situation horribly and I should not have lied to you.
I'll tell ya who should be embarrassed! It's you guys! Come on! This is ridiculous! Thank you very much, but I do not need you to get me a date!
Because, I feel like I wouldn't just be going out with him. I would be going out with all of you. Oh, and there would just be all this pressure, and I don't wanna...
Oops, sorry. Listen, we-we have to have a party tonight! Actually, we have to have one in five minutes, so everybody cancel your plans.
Well, I don't know. I called all the people in Monica's phone book and these are the only ones who could show up on 24 hours notice.
Country club newsletter. My mother sends me the engagement notices for 'inspiration.' Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Barry and Mindy!
Ohh! Lucky me! Oh my God! That is good news, Ross! I think that's the best news I've heard since Le Poo died!
Hey Ross? Umm, I just ran into Caitlin in the hallway and-and uh, you must be getting better at this flirting stuff than I thought.
Look you guys, I have to go, I'm the Maid-of-Honor. And besides you know what I just need to be in a room again with these people and feel good about myself.
But I don't, hmm... Oh, who approved that order?! Well there is no Mark Robbinson in this office. Get me Mark on the phone!
Terrible? Hell, I was in Greece! That was a nice hotel! Nice beach, met the nice people. Not to shabby for Rachel.
I didn't! Even when I found out...umm, all right, well let's just say I found something out something about someone and let's just say she's gonna keep it.
Yeah. Y'know umm, uh, umm, about that, umm, Ross I really appreciate your offer to let me move in and everything, but don't you think it's gonna be weird?
Well, ever since I was humiliated and yelled at in front of my friends, I'm just, I don't know, not in a museum benefitty kind of mood.
Joey, the new chair will be here in an hour. Maybe we should actually move Rosita out of here. Y'know, start the heeling process?
Uhh, I mean this is like reading about my own life. I mean this book could have been called 'Be Your Own Windkeeper Rachel'.
Okay, two things didn't happen. Remember I told you that someone made out with Ralph Lauren in the copy room? Well, it turns out that's not true.
Okay. So these signals Ross, explain this to me, 'cause maybe I need to be more careful. I mean, am I sending you these signals right now?
Oh-oh-oh, symbolism! And uh, the-the uh, wildness of the mores, which I think is-is mirrored in the wildness of Heathcliff's character.
Och, god. Oh, thank god, you're okay. I'm so sorry we left you. Mom never gonna leave you again. Never ever ever again. Uch.
On a cliff, in Barbados, at sunset, and Stevie Wonder sang Isn't She Lovely as I walked down the aisle.
Come on you guys! Listen, if Emily knew I was here having dinner you with you she would flip out and you know it. It's okay, I really... I don't mind.
BACK OFF!!! Get up! Get up! Get up! God damn it! Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up!!
Since when do take naps in that position. Oh God Monica, tell me you were waiting for a guy! Please tell me you were waiting for a guy!
Hey, y'know what? You're the one who wants to make this big change and move in with Chandler! You should be the one to go! Why should I have to leave?!
Wow that's uh, juicy. Umm, y'know what though Mon, I actually do have a lot of work to do so if-if-are you sure there's just not anything else?
Boy, you really can't stand to lose, can you? Your whole face is getting red... little veins popping out on your temple...
All right, how about I go over there and I will walk into Chandler's bedroom and I will see that thing that I think that I know is actually the thing that I think that I know!
Well y'know, some people make deals with a friend, like if neither of them are married by the time they're 40, they marry each other.
But, they're across the hall! I mean that's two doors away, it would take them a long time to peck their way back over here.
Wh... Come on! Remember? We were on the sleeping porch! We couldn't stop giggling? And our coconuts kept knockin' together?
Y'know if what I do is so lame, then why did you insist on coming with me this morning? Huh? Was it so I just wouldn't go with Mark?
Yeah, we could. Oh hey look! There's some Kappa Kappa Deltas! I was a Kappa. Hey sisters! Wow, we really are bitches.
You know what else I'm not gonna miss? "I'm Monica. I wash the toilet 17 times a day. Even if people are on it!"
Pheebs, I would make a reservation for five, because one of us has to stay home and watch Emma. Which one of us should go to dinner?
No. I have got to get ready and go to a dinner at my bosses house. It's a very big deal, there's a lot of people there I have to meet.
Okay. It's okay. We're gonna be okay. Y'know what? It's okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna boil some water and just rip up some sheets!
Ok, well Monica, suppose one of your "special" tickets win? How are you gonna feel when you win the lottery and you lose all your friends?
Daddy... Daddy... Daddy, why whyyy would I sleep with Billy Dreskin? His father tried to put you out of business! ...dead!
Yeah, there was. It was-there the corner of the library where-where all these dusty books that nobody ever read-Yes, there was.
Well y'know if you, if you started smoking again you could've at least told me! Come on, give me one of those! What are we talking about?
Well, let's see. Uh, they gave me cute doctor today and in the middle of the exam I put my pinky in his chin dimple.
Oh that's right. You're the talker. Anyway uh, great idea! Umm, I gotta go to the store; I told him that I would buy him some more tissues.
So, I still have boxes here. I still have boxes at Ross's, and I have nowhere to live! Wow. I could so easily freak out right now.
I don't know! He hasn't called me since that one time when we went out. I see him in the hallway, we flirt, I'm all ha-ha-ha-ha, and nothing.
Yes! He has a naked picture of Monica! He takes naked pictures of us! And then he eats chicken and looks at them!
Oh God Monica hi! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
Okay, it's just-and this is really embarrassing-but lately with this whole pregnancy thing I'm just finding myself...how do I put this umm, erotically charged.
Jo-Joey, look honey we-we need to talk okay? Umm, I kinda got the feeling from her today that uh, she's not lookin' for a serious relationship.
When I was um, 7, I crashed my bike right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he kissed me right here.
Okay. Happy birthday Grandma! It's better to be over the hill then buried under it. All our love Monica and Chandler. That's funny, yeah!
No, no, I mean, no, c'mon you guys, I mean, c'mon look it's only eleven thirty. Let's just talk, we never just hang out and talk anymore.
Okay! "Hello Ross, this is Dr. McNeeley from the Fake Accent University, we'd like you to come on board with us full time!
Okay, whoa-whoa easy there Melissa! This ain't a locker room, okay? But, y'know I remember him saying that-that he had plans tonight.
Okay, thank you. That'll be all. Wait! Wait! Did you see that? That mail guy had no idea there was something going on between us.
I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry, it's just that when you moved your hands down to my butt, it was like woah, Ross's hands are on my butt. Sorry.
He plays for the Yankees. Seriously, ESPN! Just once and a while, have it on in the background. Ooh, this one was Pierce Brosnan!
Anyway, Ralph just came in to tell me that he's so happy with my work that he wants me to be the new merchandising manager for polo retail.
Honey, it's going to be okay. He's been incredibly supportive of me, and if he gets a little upset; that's what the meatball sub is for.
Oh, be home, be home, be home, be home, be home, be home. Be home. Be home, be home, be home. Oh, you're not home.
Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up.
Well, you know, honey, I don't think everybody gets Smelly Cat. You know, I mean, if all you've ever actually had are healthy pets, then, whoosh!
Mrs. Kay! Oh yeah, she was sweet. She taught me Spanish. I actually think I remember some of it, tu madre es loca.
All right, listen, smirky. If it wasn't for you and your stupid balloon, I would be on a plane watching a woman do this right now. But I'm not.
Y'know, like the thing when you put the phone in your pants? Tag! I'm serious! This isn't funny! Those contracts absolutely had to go out today!
Chip! Hi, it's Rachel. Rachel Green. Yeah, umm, you left me a message. Yes you did, my roommate wrote it down. Monica Geller. Ohh.
I hate this apartment! I hate the color of these walls! I hate the fact that this place still smells like bird! I hate that singing guy!
Oh come on, what are you talking about? You've got three years painting houses. Two whole summers at T.G.I. Friday's, come on!
Uh, thank you Phoebe. Umm, well, what struck me most when reading Jane Eyre was uh, how the book was so ahead of its time.
Well, um, first he told me he liked how I looked. And, ah, then we had a little . . . um . . . eye-contact.
No Mon that's not the point. I'm out a thousand dollars, I'm all scratched up, and I'm stuck with this stupid cat that looks like a hand!
Okay. Thank you. That's great. Thank you. Wait-wait! Where on west 10th? Because there's this really cute shoe store that has like this little...
Ok, Monica. I just have to know one thing. Did you go with her to Bloomingdale's? Oh! Ok, ok, ok, I just really, uh, I just really need to not be with you right now.
Oh, come on now, don't keep me waiting. Get those clothes off! But, I would keep that helmet on because you're in for a rough ride!
No, I have to go downstairs and come back up as if I'm coming home from the regatta gala. Okay? So just go distract him. But don't be sexy.
Oh it's all right. I'm guess I'm just done with the whole dating thing. It's one more thing in my life that's suddenly completely different. This is hard.
I know you did! I bought the same one! And if she sees your table she's gonna know that I lied to her. I told her ours was an original.
Oh, I know it. You're right. That's not sexy. Oh...Oh! Whoops! Oh, I seem to have dropped my fork. Let me just bed over and get it. Oh God!
Oh Ross, come on! This is not, this is not a marriage!! This is the world's worst hangover! Ross, listen, if you do not get this annulment, I will!
Y'know honey, umm, as uh, as flattered as I am that uh, you saw me first, uhh, I just, I-I don't think we should be cranking anything up.
I accidentally kissed him in the interview, and now he wants me back y'know of course, 'cause "Let's bring the girl back who kisses everybody!"
Well, it doesn't sound like it! I mean, it's pretty easy not to kiss someone, you just don't kiss them! See look at us, right now, not kissing!
The nights are the hardest. But then the day comes! And that's every bit as hard as the night. And then the night comes again...
Yeah. Yeah, and y'know you-you deserve to win. And-and y'know I was thinking about it, if-if you're Monica's maid of honor that means I get to be yours.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Umm, maybe you can start with, "Chandler, even though we were friends; there was a part of me that always knew I wanted more."
Well, I have to be, I don't really have a choice, I mean, you know, I could look at the bright side, I get two birthday parties and two birthday cakes.
Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . .
Ugh! I cannot believe Chip dumped me for that slut Nancy Branson. I am never going out with him again. I don't care how much he begs!
Well, I haven't seen him since that night that he told me how he y'know... I don't know, I think he's avoiding me. Why is that bagel on the floor?
Excuse me, sir. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a possibility that you could give me an advance on my tips?
Well, I was going to, but then I figured, you know... you're food is so delicious and perfect, you can never have too many of those pumpkin things.
Wow! Oh-okay, look pal, I am not in the mood to be hit on right now! But if you give me your number I will call you some other time.
Yes, and I know that you'd say no if he asked you, but I'm sorry; how great would you look walking down the aisle in this Donna Carin.
Oh god. Oh, am I being like a total laundry spaz? I mean, am I supposed to use like one machine for shirts and another machine for pants?
What? What, do you mean you're not feeling well? What do you have? Is it Rubella? Because don't go near Emma, she has not had that shot.
Ooh! You guys are so lucky you are here with people, you known it's such a romantic place. That's all, I just wish I could share that with a guy.
Alright, I feel that this is totally unjustified. She gave me the green light, I did nothing but-. Do you think I can't see you in the TV set?
Ross, Ross, please listen to me. Ross, you are so much better for me than Paolo ever was. I mean you care about me, you're loving, you make me laugh.
Oh look, she's pulling away again! Do you think my nipples are too big for her mouth? She looks scared. Doesn't she look scared?
Wow! I mean, I just-I can't, I can't believe this. Y'know, I mean you think you know someone even, even Phoebe who's always been somewhat of a question mark.
Wait a minute! Wait a minute! I'm not saying that you shouldn't have a bag, I just-it's just there are other bags that are a little less umm, controversial.
How do you know that? What if it just gets worse and worse and worse, to the point where we can't even be in the same room with each other?!
Yeah. I'm-I'm telling you he's really sweet and he's really funny and he's just ugh, got a good heart. And besides, I y'know, I think he really likes you.
Alright, okay, okay, gleba, gleba... Gleba! Ha! Here it is: the fleshy, spore-bearing inner mass of a certain fungi.
Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell you doin' with my bra?
But you have it right there in that file? You could tell us whether it's a boy or a girl? Dayton or Sandrine? Phoebe or Phoebo?
Oh that's all right! Y'know, I ended up having a really good time. Y'know, the charity was a big success and they raised a lot of money and awareness.
Yes, okay, oh, by the way, I just gotta say, I think it's really nice of you that even after you've moved, you still keep storing that stuff for Joey!
No Joey, look. Trust me, all the men are wearing them in the spring catalog. Look. See look, men, carrying the bag.
Don't just say yes! This isn't a game, Joey you can really get hurt out here. Okay, so do you want to pay attention or do you want to die?!
Yes oh--Do I want sugar in my coffee? No, just some milk would be good Carol. Thanks. Okay, do you remember all that stuff I taught you yesterday?
Ok, I know this is gonna sound really stupid, but I feel that if I can do this, you know, if I can actually do my own laundry, there isn't anything I can't do.
It's impossible to find a good doctor. I mean, how do you know the good ones from the ones who are gonna push their penis against your knee?
Listen. Sudden change of plans. My maternity leave just ended. They told me that if I didn't come back today, they were gonna fire me.
Well said. And a uh good example of the fun I was referring to uhh, but I just think I'm past the point where I think I can y'know, just have fun.
Come on Joey, I just bought you a new chair! The most expensive one in the store! Hey, y'know what I was thinking? We could name her Francette.
Oh, yeah. And uh, the best part though, when the uh, waiter spilled water down my back, I jumped up, and my boob popped out.
Mmm-hmmm. Oh, so typical. Ooo, I'm a man. Ooo, I have a penis. Ooo, I have to win money to exert my power over women.
Okay, your band is playing at Arnold's, collect three cool points. Which means, I have five, and that means I get Joey's boxers!
Yeah... ....OK. Where were we? Oh, OK... five card draw, uh... jacks or better... nothing wild, everybody ante.
No, no, no, now wait, wa, wa, waa-it a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. That actually, uh, that sounds interesting.
Y'know, I never thought I'd say this about a movie, but I really hope this dog dies. What are you doing over there? Come sit here, you protect me.
Yeah, but it was different with him today! And he wasn't, like, Orthodontist Guy, y'know? I mean, we had fun! Is there anything wrong with that?
But, what you and I have is so much better. Ok, we have tenderness, we have intimacy, we connect. Ya know, I swear, this is the best I have ever had.
Yeah, that's gonna get you into Soap Opera Digest. Well I......I would just like to say that Joey truly has enriched the days of our lives.
Ross! Your honor, rest assured relationship ended like two years ago! And could you strike "Consummated like bunnies" from the record?
Ya know, I just, so weird. I mean I was in there just listening to them bitch about each other and all I kept thinking about was the fourth of July.
No-n-n-n-no! I am finally thinking clearly. My lucky dress wasn't working out to well for me, but for four years, this baby never missed.
Well it's not, honey I'm sorry, I guess I'm just nervous. I mean, it's you, ya know, it's us. I mean, we're crossing that line, sort of a big thing.
Oh, oh, and hey-hey-hey, those little spelling tips will come in handy when you're at home on Saturday nights playing Scrabble with Monica!!
Hmm. Look, Ross, if you want your neighbors to like you, why don't you just pay the hundred bucks? The party's gonna cost you way more than that.
Right! Right! I-I actually meant in your spare time, do you cook? Do you ski? Or do you just hang out with your wife or girlfriend?
What do you think Monica mean when she said she didn't want to talk, especially with me? I mean, why not especially you and me? We were both out there kissing.
Wow. Is it, is it 'cause she's so cold in bed. Or, or is it 'cause she's like, kinda bossy, makes it feel like school?
I don't know, I don't know, weren't you the guy that told me to quit my job when I had absolutely nothing else to do. Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!!
Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel! He deserves to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.
Hey! You...can't...leave Joey! You agreed to buy that boat, all right?! That is a contract! And plus if you leave, my boss is gonna kill me!
Huh. Well, y'know that's actually a really good idea, because that way they'll be closer to the mugs. Y'know what, you should have the other waitresses do that too.
Oh, please, Ross it was so obvious! It was like you were marking your territory. I mean you might have well have just come in and peed all around my desk!
Uh, OK, I mean uh, what, how are you gonna handle it. I mean, are, are ya gonna, are ya gonna talk about it before hand, are you just gonna pounce?
I just can't believe this is happening. I mean, when I was little, everybody's parents were getting divorced. I just figured as a grownup I wouldn't have to worry about this.
Oh, I don't know, I guess, Chris O'Donnel, John F. Kennedy, Jr., Daniel Day Lewis, Sting, and Parker Stevenson.
You have! Ross, you should give yourself credit. I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, "Once a cheater, always a cheater."
Oh, I remember how we almost. Do you think we would've gone through with it? Y'know, if we hadn't gotten caught. Do you think we would've done it?
Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? It was comfortable, it was familiar... it was just nice!
Noo, I y'know I don't see why she has to play with you, that's all. I mean doesn't she have any y'know other stripper moms friends of her own?
Oh, well, that shouldnt be so hard, now that youre dating. "Sweetheart, youre fired, but how bout a quickie before I go to work?"
So I don't go back to work for another four weeks, but we would like our nanny to start right away, so that Emma could get a chance to know her.
Look, I know you guys heard about the whole thing with me and Ross but y'know, I've been obsessing about it all day and I'd just love not to talk about it. All right?
If anybody asks, I'm your sister, Joan. Listen. C'mon, you guys. Ross said my name up there that obviously means that he still loves me!
That was you?! We heard about you in Junior High! Did you really just shake your fist in the air and shout, "I will be revenged?!"
Sorry. I'm so exited! I've been waiting for this for months! I got my hair coloured! I got new sheets! I'm making him a very fancy meal.
Yeah. Look Joey, it's enough all right?! You keep making these stupid jokes and this sleazy innuendoes and it's-I'm not-it's just not funny anymore!
I don't know! I think it's kind of serious! Oh, you know... I was watching this thing on TV this morning about... Newcastle disease... and I think I might have it!!
What are you talking about, Ross, you just said that you read it twice! Look, y'know what, either it does or it doesn't, and if you have to even think about it...
'Cause I am really happy about us. I think we are, I think we are so on the right track! Y'know? I mean, I think we are working, I think we are clicking. Y'know?
Oh, I forgot this was in here. Umm, this was the uh garter that I was saving for my wedding and I wanted it to be Monica's something borrowed and it's blue. Yeah...
What Phoebe? Wait! One time he caught me smoking he said if he ever saw me doing that again he'd make me eat the entire pack.
See look Amy, we're a lot closer to Monica and Chandler. We see them every day. And truthfully honey, you don't seem very connected to the baby.
No. No. Every thing's--they're fine. Great pizza. But it's uh, actually umm my friend Ross. He uh, just gets really nervous when he's flirting.
Maybe it, maybe it doesn't have to be this tough. I mean, maybe you were on the right track with this whole, you know, spontaneous thing. I mean, women really like that.
I can see that. I... just one phone call, I'll be very quick, I'll even pay for it myself. OK, you're bein' a little weird about your phone.
Uh-huh! Nice try, but you don't get that chair anymore! All right? That is my chair now! You can sit on my lap! No I take that back!
Oh! Oh! Can I give out the candy? I really want to be with the kids right now. Y'know, ever since I got pregnant I-I have the strongest maternal instincts.
Did, did he just, did he, did he just say, he said bye. He said bye. You said, you said bye to me. You said bye to me.
Well, Joshua's coming in tomorrow and since I don't have the guts to ask him out, I'm going to sell him a coat and put this note in the pocket.
Well, yeah, y'know how Ross and I were on again, off again, on again, off again? I guess I just figured that somewhere down the road, we would be on again.
Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you're sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
OH, a soap opera roof party!! I'm going to a soap opera roof party!! Oh my God, oh my God!! And it's out of my system!
And you know, we said that we would, we would live together as long as this makes sense. An maybe this, you know,Just doesn't make sense anymore.
Ok! Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof and he sent you guys to the play to get rid of you!
Joey, there is a reason that Emma loves that stupid penguin so much Oh don't cover its ears! It's because it reminds her of her uncle Joey!
Would you like to go to a basketball game with me? You know, its funny, basketball, because I happen to have tickets too... Umm, who likes the Knicks-
Phoebe, hi, we're so sorry. You're totally right. We are here one hundred per cent and we love you and we are ready to start your birthday celebration.
All right listen umm, I just bought something I'm not sure she's gonna like it, and it's gonna seem a little crazy, but this is something that I wanted since I was a little girl.
Oh God Monica hi! Thank God! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
Well, I'll probably be back to pick her up around six, but she's in the bedroom all ready to go. But she did actually fall back to sleep, so...
You see, now, I would date this girl. She's cute, she's outdoorsy, you know, and she knows how to build a fire. I mean, that's got to come in handy
No, I know, they're from me. Look you guys this is not good. I mean we have enough trouble with guys stealing our wind without taking it from each other.
Oh wow. Why don't we just take me and put me with a Manhattan in my hand, talking to the cute bartender. These pins aren't for playing are they?
Ross, didn't you ah, play soccer in High School? Oh no wait, that's right. You just organized their game schedules on your Commodore 64.
Well, I mean, do you think you can ever have both? Y'know? Someone who's like, who's like your best friend, but then also can make your toes curl?
No Ross!! Don't! You can't just kiss me and think you're gonna make it all go away, okay? It doesn't work that way. It doesn't just make it better. Okay?
...and I know Chandler is kidding but it happens every time he touches my stomach. I mean I'm really worried the baby's not going to like him. Are you okay?
Yeah, ohh! Why, damnit, why did I open my mouth? I have a crush on you; I am attracted to you. Gee, I-I know that I freaked him out
Oh no, my dad's a doctor and he would always tell me just horror stories......about ghosts and goblins who totally supported the princess's right to smoke.
You had no right coming down to my office Ross. You do not bring a picnic basket to somebody's work! Unless maybe they were a park ranger!
Okay, you're coming with me, and I also told them that if we're still here when they get off that we'll go down to the cafeteria and have some Jell-O with them.
I know, I mean, why can't parents just stay parents? Why do they have to become people? Why do they have... Why can't you stop staring at my breasts?
Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was humping everything in sight. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that will no longer be wearing white to her wedding.
Yeah, well, word of advice: Bring back the comedian. Otherwise next time you're gonna find yourself sitting at home, listening to that album alone.
Oh-ho, my God! That was so awesome! You totally got him back for calling you fat! He was just drooling all over you. That must've felt so great!
Yeah, well Betty's kinda sad. Which is why I believe I can lure her away with these chocolates. Now, while I distract her, you get in the office.
Pheebs, you go with Monica and try on her green dress. If that doesn't work, you can wear my gray silk one. Oh, gosh, what am I wearing?!
Okay, you know what? I don't have it, but I can tell you exactly where it is on my night stand, and...okay. But you know what? I have my drivers license and I have a twenty.
All right, okay, Laurie proposes to Jo, and she says no, even though she's still in love with him, and then he ends up marring Amy.
Oh God! Y'know what I wish? I wish you were six years older. Well actually, if I'm wishin' for stuff, I actually wish I was six years younger.
Y'know what, just give me a second and I'll be out of your hair. I'm just gonna grab a jacket. When I get back, I want every little detail. Maybe that's him.
Just a touch. Mon, I don't understand. I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.
Okay! Y'know what? I realized it was stupid to get upset about not having a husband and kids. All I really needed was a plan. See I wanna have three kids...
Yeah, and he does it every year! That's why he's sending you to that play! That's why he sent us to that medieval restaurant and to that button factory!
You guys, I'm telling you, when she runs, she looks like a cross between Kermit The Frog and The Six Million Dollar Man.
Umm, our situation. Y'know umm, what we mean to each other. And I mean we-we're having this baby together, and we live together. Isn't that, isn't that weird?
I don't care! All right, y'know what I'm just upset that I'm getting nowhere with Joshua that-y'know what still, you do not meet someone and go flitting off to Vermont!
Okay, Ross, Phoebe is my girlfriend, okay, we tell each other everything. You know, I mean, come on, guys do the same thing, I mean, what about all that locker room stuff.
Oh, y'know I'm not that much of a sweet tooth. I--Wow. My God, so creamy. Oh my God, this is the best cheesecake I have ever had. Where did you get this?
Ah that's great. No actually that's... That's great! That's really great! Y'know, I gotta tell ya writing, I mean writing, gets me uh, gets me kinda hot.
Are you, are you, are you sure it's ah, a new bump? I mean, no offense, I've always thought of Ben as a fairly bumpy headed child.
Okay, he's a, he's a black capuchian monkey with a white face... ...with, with Russian dressing and, and pickles on the side. Okay. Thanks.
Umm, listen, I'm gonna need to take a rain check, my roommate is just really sick. Okay? Bye! Honey, listen, I know, I know things seem so bad right now.
Well it happened about six weeks ago, and uh I had just got home from work and Ross was already there 'cause I guess he had been hanging out with Joey.
"...marenge, thank you honey, and do the cha-cha. And while she like to be a star, Tony always tended bar. At the, wait, wait, everybody.."
Well yeah, but then I remembered I started it and there was this pep rally and I was, I was on top of the pyramid but anyway-umm, what is this book about?
I am! I am a woman who spent a lot of money on a dress and she wants to wear it, because soon she won't be able to fit into it.
I'm great! I'm great. I've got a great job at Bloomingdale's, have wonderful friends, and eventhough I'm not seeing anyone right now, I've never felt better about myself.
Oh. I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. Sorry. It's just, I'm ahh, I'm kinda excited. I'm, ahh, going to London to ahh, tell this guy that I love him and...
Alright, don't tell me, don't tell me! Decaf cappucino for Joey.. Coffee black.. Late.. And an iced tea. I'm getting pretty good at this!
...see I can't decide whether it would go better next to the new wicker dining chair, the Sahara desk, or the Parker console table.
You know what, it's feeling a lot better, thank you, um... Well, listen, why don't you two sit down and, and we'll get you some glasses... okay... STAT!
Oh..Go..Oh..and I told my boss that someone made out with Ralph Lauren. If she finds out that I lied to her, she is going to hate me even more. Phoebe!!
Ohh, God! Look at him, he's so cute. I wanna go over there, grab him, and kiss him! How can I kiss him and not letting him know that I like him?
Okay, no, that's not the right decision. That's not, that's not right, no Ross-Ross, come on! I mean, that woman made you miserable! Okay, Ross, do you really want to get back into that?
It's not dumb. But, maybe it's okay that you're not a part of it. Y'know what I mean? I mean it's like, I-I-I like that you're not involved in that part of my life.
The whole night was horrible, it was pouring down rain, and when I got there, there was no Rachel Green on the list, but there was a Rachel Greep.
Chandler! Chandler, please, I have to get you locked up back the way you were, I am sooo gonna lose my job, she's very private about her office. Now I know why.
That is not a tattoo, that is a nothing. I finally got her back in the chair, bairly touched her with a needle, she jumped up screaming, and that was it.
Oh God. No! Oh not again! This-this happened when my grandfather died. It's ugh! Sorry. Oh, okay, so I'm sorry, what-what were you-what did you want to tell me?
I don't know. I don't know how I feel. This is all happening so fast. I have to make all these decisions that I don't want to make. Somebody just take this away from me!!
Oh Phoebe, that's a great story. Can you tell it to me when you're getting me some iced tea? Oh God, get out! Get out!! Get out!! Get out!!
Well they have uh, some unusual pet names for each other. Including umm, evil bitch and uh, sick bastard. Oh God oh! Contraction!
Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would be possible if I got a $100 advance in my salary?
Joey, just-just he-he's new in town and I know he doesn't have any guy friends. Just take him to like a ball game or something. I'll really appreciate it.
Oh but you could. You can. Absolutely! We can help each other out! We can get--what are those--those patches! We could be like the Patch Sisters!
Yes okay. Well now see this isn't telling us anything. Joe. Carlos. Peter. Ooh! Peter Luger! T hat's a steak house!
Honey, that's very sweet, it just seems to me though, that if two people love each other and trust each other, like we do, there's no reason to be jealous.
No. No, no, I'm not ready! How can I be ready? "Hey, Rach! You ready to jump out the airplane without your parachute?" Come on, I can't do this!
Hi! I love you on that show! I watch you everyday! I mean, when you took out your own kidney to save your ex-wife even though she tired to kill you...
Well, you've been here for two months now and your boss is required to hand in a performance evaluation. But y'know, there is one thing that I have yet to evaluate.
All right, look, here's the bottom line Ross, this is fixable, if we act fast, okay. So, I'll invite him to brunch tomorrow and you can make nice.
You went shopping?! What, and then you just came in here and paraded it right under Jill's nose when you know she's trying to quit. Wow, you guys are terrible!
Ross!! Are you crazy?! I am still your wife!! What, were you just never gonna tell me?!! What the hell is wrong with you?!!!! Ugh, I could just kill you!!!!
Yeah, I'm pretty confident about that. That's what makes it so easy for me to be 80% happy for Monica and Chandler! It would be nice to have a little guarantee though.
I know. I always thought if you and I got married, it would be the one that stuck. And it wouldn't be a secret, and we wouldn't have our wedding dinner at Pizza Hut.
Yeah I am, I am! Oh, but first of all, Monica, I would like to introduce you to my very talented colleage and more importantly my wonderful friend Gavin Mitchelle.
I don't know, I'm not trying to do anything, it's just, we have such a good time when we're together, you know... I mean, aren't you just a... little curious... what that would be like?...
No well, no it's not that bad, y'know? I mean yeah, my tongue feels a little fuzzy and these fingers sort of smell, I actually feel like I can throw up.
Okay. Y'know what? I'd have to say I really don't care for your tone. And this is not the only hospital in this city and we have no problem to-Whoa! Oh gosh! Whoa!
Well of course I do! But y'know, favorite returning character is a tough category Joey. I mean you're up against the guy who survived his own cremation.
Listen, my mum is not bringing the baby back until nine o' clock. So I was hoping you and I could have achance to kind of talk... somebody here?
I am? Oh, look at that, yes I am. Enough about me, enough about me, Mr. Back from the Orient. Come on. I wanna hear everything! Everything.
Okay, you just go on and make your little jokey-jokes, but if you do not know what you are doing out at sea you will die at sea. Am I getting through to you sailor?!
Uh well, uh this is a silent auction. They lay out all the stuff here and then you write down your offer and then the highest bid gets it.
Okay Joey honey, you're doing really good! All right, now I'm just gonna need you to step to the port side. Remember? Remember how we talked about the port side?
Okay! Okay! Listen to what Sean McMahon wrote in my yearbook senior year, "Dear Rach, you're such a good person." Not girl! Person!
No, it's all right, you can just drop the act Tommy. I know what's going on here. Your Danny's wingman right? You guys are best buds. Frat bros!
Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your absolute honest opinion. Oh, oh, and on page two, he's not 'reaching for her heaving beasts'.
Oh, you know what - my first impression of you was absolutely right. You are arrogant, you are pompous ... Morgan! Morgan! Tag's last name was Morgan! Huh!
No we weren't! It was nothing! It was one night, senior year we went to a party, had a lot of sangria and y'know, ended up...kissing for a bit.
All right, y'know-Fine! You guys have your stupid little club, but I would just like to say is what you did to me is way worse than what I did to you! You gave me a tiney-wienie!
Well, well um, you know, these movies are offensive and uh, degrading to women and females. And uh, and the lighting's always unflattering. And, Monica help me out here.
Anyway, speaking of drinking too much. I was uh, tellin' Phoebe about that one crazy night after the Sigma Chi luau where you and I uh, we made out.
Guess what?! All that stuff about Nancy Branson being a slut was all a rumor so Chip dumped her and he wants to come over to my house tonight!
He left work in the middle of the day to do a personal errand and left you in charge when you've been working here two days? That's not, that's not right.
Yeah, well that's that lo-cal, non dairy, soy milk junk. We sort of, we save the real stuff for those really terminal cases.
I know, I know, but uh just, I'm telling you, once, once you get past that part, that where it-it just feels like you wanna die, he's-he's really a good person.
So now, these are all the tuxedos that we make and if there's anything that you like, we can make you a deal. Anything at all. But these are the three that Monica pre-approved.
Nothing, I mean, um, it is your first time with her and, you know if the first time doesn't go well, well then that's, that's pretty darn hard to recover from.
I don't know. I don't know... I thought about it all the way there, and I thought about it all the way back... and, uh, oh, you guys, y'know, it's Ross. Y'know what I mean? I mean, it's Ross.
Yeah but, you don't, you don't, you don't want to try to much too fast. Y'know? I mean, you do remember what happened to the little girl that tried to much too fast don't you?
Oh no Ross! This is not good, we have to talk about this Joey thing. Please sit. You have got to get over this Joey thing, okay? I never really wanted to marry Joey, okay?
Y'know what Ross? You're not going anywhere. You're gonna sit right here. I'm gonna make you a cup of tea and we're gonna talk this thing whole out. All right? Hey, Dave!
Yeah. Thought I'd give it a shot. I'm still on the first chapter. Now, do you think his 'love stick can be liberated from its denim prison'?
Okay, hold on real quick, hold on a second let me just uh, get a little more comfortable here. Wait, now wait a second, this isn't too revealing is it?
What do you mean, you fold? Hey, come on! What is this? I thought that 'once the cards were dealt, I'm not a nice guy.' I mean, what, were you just full of it?
I don't care how long ago it was! You told people that I was half and half! Y'know what? I just want to point out I never did anything to hurt you in high school.
I don't know, you know, just the way she waltzed in here all smart, and tall! You know, and just swept Joey off his feet... I mean, nobody else has a chance!
Ok, we can do this now, can't we Ben? Yes we can, yes we can. There. I did it. I did it. Look at that, oh, stays on and everything. Hi.
No...oh, I feel so stupid! Oh, I think about the other day with you guys and I was all "Oh, Paolo, he's so great, he makes me feel so..." Oh, God, I'm so embarrassed!
What?! You mean they're not coming to a social event where there's no men and there's no booze?! That's shocking! I don't care, as long as my mom's here.
Look he doesn't have any brothers or sisters, somebody's gonna have to teach him this stuff! And I haven't taught him anything that a normal 6-year-old doesn't know anyway!
Ah, why, now I can't get a massage? There are so many things that she disapproves of! I can't eat veal, I can't wear fur, I can't go hunting...
All right, look. Why don't you just return the book, let Joey give her the clock pen, and you give her something worse than that. Like... a regular pen.
Look I know she's a little tough to take. She has no where else to go, and she's my sister. Alright, she's Emma's aunt. And I would like them to bond.
All right, we were shaking hands and he kinda leaned toward me... Y'know maybe he was going to open the door, but I totally miss read him and I uhhh...
Oh. Huh. You know, it is weird that Phoebe would set me up on a date that was awful on the same night that Joey set you up on a date that didn't even show.
No, it's not gonna be okay Ross, tomorrow is my last day, and I don't have a lead. Okay, y'know what, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna call Gunther and I'm gonna tell him, I'm not quitting.
No, there is no Rachel Greep, but then this other girl overheard us and she was all, "I'm Rachel Greep! I'm Rachel Greep!" and he let her right in.
Yes. Emma and I came in a little early to do research on the presentation. I actually made a few changes, but I think I'm caught up on everything. So ask me anything!
Alright, alright. Calm down Norma Rae. They didn't actually say that. I'm just afraid if I don't come back right now this guy's gonna try to squeeze me out.
Oh yes, absolutely! Y'know, it's weird uh, but I had a dream last night where I was stopped by a policeman. And then he uh...well I probably shouldn't tell you the rest.
Look, y'know I know my life's going pretty well, but I look around and I just see so many people who've accomplished so many other goals by the time they're thirty.
What?! She just called and said that she was gonna be working late! She keeps lying to me! That's it! Y'know what? I'm just gonna go over there and confront them right now!
...And so then I realised. All this stuff I had been doing. proposing to Joshua, lying to Ross about why I couldn't come to the wedding. Was all just a way of...
I don't know, you tell me. One minute I'm holding Ben like a football, the next thing I know, I've got two kids, I'm living in Scarsdale complaining about the taxes.
Chandler, don't worry! This doesn't make you any less of a guy! That does! What am I sitting on? I hate to think what this woman was scratching when this broke off.
Yeah-yeah, y'know if-if there was just like one little area where I-that I think we need-we would need to work on; I-I would think it was we're just not crazy enough!
Well, come on, Steve; let's not rule out nervous laughter. Hey, now wait a minute. Phoebe told me that - that you owned your own restaurant. That's impressive.
Okay umm, Ross? I'm-I'm really warm, so I'm going to be taking off my sweater. Now, I'm just letting you know that this is not an invitation to the physical act of love.
Clearly you don't want people to see this tape. Now I don't want people to see this tape either, but you so badly don't people to see it makes me want to see it. You see?
Oh er... well you know Emma started crawling? I realised that this place, is very unsafe for a baby. So I went to the store and got some stuff to baby-proof the apartment.
No! That's OK! That's OK! That's OK! No no no no! This is my business associate Gavin. He's just being silly.Gavin come out from behind that curtain!
No! I'm not! I-I-I just think it's wrong! It's-it's that I'm-Here I am about to pop and he's out picking up some shop girl at Sluts 'R' Us!
Uh, yeah, well, see, he... Joey knows, that I'm-I'm very insecure about my back and, and...you're hugging me, so obviously you are not repulsed by it, yeah!
Well, you have been in our lives for nearly two months now and we don't really know you. I mean, who is Julie? I mean, what do you like, what don't you like? We wanna hear everything.
Oh honey, this is for the best, thus I'm not distracted, worrying about Emma, how she's doing at home and I'm being completely here with you and, oh, she spit up!
Oh you know what? When I was a little girl I had a little pink pony named Cotton. Oh I loved her so much, I took her everywhere, I would braid her tail...
Okay. Uhh, Ross, y'know what, there's something that I-that I have to talk to you about and everybody's saying that I shouldn't tell you, but I think they're wrong. I mean, and you know how people can be wrong.
Oh man! This is so great! I actually feel like I'm going on a real date! Although, I have a hint of morning sickness, and I'm wearing underwear that goes up to about......there.
Whoa!! Whoa, whoa, wait a minute. What time did your little friend leave? Oh my God. She was there? She was still there? She was in there, when I was in there?!
Now wait a minute that's not fair. He was married to me a hell of a lot longer than he was married to Emily, he just didn't tell me. Maybe I have to pee again.
As I was saying... I should probably have the first of the three kids by the time I'm 35 which gives me five years. I love this plan! I wanna marry this plan!
That is so sad. Your missing out on so much, Ross. I mean, the bonding and the sharing, you know. And-and knowing that someone else is going through the same thing you are.
Yeah! Oh, and then afterwards you can take her to the Four Seasons for drinks. Or you go downtown and listen to some jazz. Or dancing-Oh! Take her dancing!
Oh my god Chandler! If you can't handle this, what are you going to be like in the hospital? With the blood and the screaming and the little present that's shooting out of her!?
Oh Ah! Oh my gosh there's something every mother needs, a giant stuffed gorilla that takes up the entire apartment! What are people think... Oh you guys I love it.
Well Phoebe, we gotta do something! Well, y'know. I mean there's no way Joey's gonna make it in time. So I'm gonna through the hotel and see if there's any other weddings going on.
What handsome is not your type? Smart? Kind? Good kisser? What those things aren't on your list? Ross is a great guy! You would be lucky to be with him!
I'll be right there! Okay, Ross, please come on! I thought we have moved on! I thought we've gotten to a place where we could be happy for each other! I mean was that just me?
Oh, no, Michael, it's not you. I'm sorry, it's just, it's this thing. It's probably not as bad as it sounds but this friend of mine is, is getting a cat with his girlfriend.
Oh, I mean she's gonna be at the wedding waiting for him and people will be whispering, "Oh that poor girl." Y'know? Then she'll have to come back here and live all alone.
I don't know. It's so complicated. I work with this guy, you know, I have the baby, and I have Ross, and I just...I don'tknow what to do and I have to be at the office and see Gavin in ten minutes.
Are any of you guys free tonight? My boss is hosting this charity event for underprivileged kids and the more people I bring, the better I look. So, Monica? Chandler?
Well yeah, I do, but I decided to take a long lunch and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'know I-I feel that we don't talk anymore. How are you? What is new with you?
Why hasn't he called Rachel? Why? Why? I don't understand. Why? He said he'll call. Why? Why? Chandler I'm telling you she has flipped out, she's gone crazy!
Hi, it's me. I've been trying to reach you all night. I feel awful. Please, Ross, you gotta know there is nothing between me and Mark. This whole break-up thing is just stupid.
Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? Oh, look at that.
Look! I cleaned! I did the windows, I did the floors... I even used all the attachments on the vacuum, except that little round one with the bristles, I don't know what that's for.
No. Joey, she knows! We were at Ugly Naked Guy's apartment and we saw them doing it through the window. Actually, we saw them doing it up against the window.
Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a writer.
Ohh please don't be from a real dinosaur! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Made in Mexico! Yes!! Ugh, who would buy this?!
I know, I get it, but Mona, what relationship is not complicated? I mean we all have our baggage! You must too! Why else would you still be single? I am so gonna leave right now.
It's just some things I've been thinking about. Some things about us, and before we can even think about the two of us getting back together, I just need to know how you feel about this stuff.
Oh! Wi... in the dres... in the dressing room!? Well, that's so weird! Phoebe and I were just trying on clothes in the dressing room. God it's just such a small world!
So. I just thought the two of us should hang out for a bit. I mean, you know, we've never really talked. I guess you'd know that, being one of the two of us, though, right?
I know Mona, just hear me out. First of all, I'm so sorry about my father yelling at you, but I heard you totally held your own. You're gonna have to tell me how you did that.
Oh, she wants to see me tomorrow...Oh, she sounded really weird, I gotta call Barry... Hi, it's me, I just.. Mindy!! Mindy! Hi! No, I figured that's where you'd be!
Well, apparently she caught him cheating on her with someone else. Isn't that sad? God, could you imagine if I actually married him?! I mean how different would my life be?
Oh yeah, c'mon, I'm movin' on. He can press her up against that window as much as he wants. For all I care, he can throw her through the damn thing.
Oh, I don't know. Well maybe it's just the idea of Barry for the rest of my life. I don't know I think I feel like I need to have one last fling, y'know, just to sorta get it out of my system.
Y'know what? I am going to do something today. I'm not just gonna sit around like some old lady. I'm gonna get something pierced. Like my uh, like my nose or my tongue or something.
I've never interviewed anyone before. I've actually never had anyone work for me before. Although when I was a kid, we did have a maid, but this is-this isn't the same thing.
No, no-no, it's okay, calm down. Mark and I talked, and I realised how much I love your stupid brother, and, yeah, we got our problems, but I really want to make it work.
I know, isn't he great? It's so nice to finally be in a fun relationship, y'know? There's nothing boring about him, and ah, I bet he's never set foot in a museum.
Go to the post office! I'm sure her picture's up! ...Okay, Monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda losing it here! I mean, this is really becoming like a weird obsession thing.
Oh well, hello. This is your lucky day Mr. Bowmont, the uh gentleman day sailer as just become available again and I believe that you made a bid of $18,000.
Ok, ok, ok, moving on, moving on, next question. Ok number 29, have you ever betrayed another goddess for a lightning bearer? Ok, number 30.
Okay, first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one's gonna ever take it. Then, second of all you're not actually gonna have sex with him! You're just gonna make him think that you are.
Hi! Y'know what honey, we're actually out of candy right now. But someone just went out to get some and I have been giving out money but I'm out of that too. Hey, can I write you a check?
When I saw him get off that plane with her, I really thought I hit rock bottom. But today, it's like there's rock bottom, 50 feet of crap, then me.
No-no-no-no-no Ross! Please, come on we do not have any of the big stuff we need! We do not a changing table! We do not have a crib! We do not have a diaper service!
Yes!! I mean sex does not have to be a big deal! There shouldn't be all this rules and restrictions! Y'know, people should be able to sleep with who ever they want, whenever...
But you will, you will be performing a service. Okay? Just-just think of me as a ketchup bottle, y'know you sometimes you have to bang on the end of it just to get something to come out.
Who are you talking too? Oh, you're kidding! Oh, it's a joke! It's funny. It's funny. I don't get it. Oh. Okay. Umm... I-I...uh, wow. Are you uh... How did umm... When?
Handling it? What do you mean, handling it? There's nothing to handle. Now, maybe I would have a problem with this if it wasn't for me and Joshua. Y'know, they're not gonna get married anyway!
Okay. Thank you! Thank you! Because-I'm sorry, all right. Because y'know what? She didn't want me-not important. The point is, I was right. Your decision. Okay? I was right. Your decision.
Huh-Wait so Joey if you get this, you're gonna be like the star of your own TV show! I mean you'll be like the Big Cheese! Or the Big Mac-Hey! You love those!
Yeah, it was senior year in college. It was after the Sigma Chi luau and Melissa and I got very drunk! And we ended up kissing! For several minutes!
Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat......I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure.
And the chicken pooped in her lap. Oh, I'm so sorry. I just gave away the ending, didn't I? Oh! It's just, I just heard this story in the cab, and it is all I can think about.
You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would strike up a conversation about say umm, sandwiches. Or uh, or my underwear.
Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles and I so admire that! I don't have any!
Rachel Green's office!! Give me that phone! Hello, this is Rachel Green, how can I help you? Uh huh ... ok then ... I'll pass you back to your son.
No, listen to me. I fell for you and I get clobbered. You then fall for me and I again, somehow, get clobbered. I'm tired of being clobbered, ya know, it's, it's just not worth it.
Noooo... look, all I know is that I cannot wait a week until I see him. I mean, this is just too big. Y'know, I just, I've just gotta talk to him. I... I gotta... OK, I'll see you later.
Well, first of all, Paulo and I are not back together. It was just a stupid thing I did, and if I could go back in time and do it again, well, I wouldn't. Um, second of all , what?
Oh really? Well how would you like it if I had sex with you and I taped it? Oh forget it! Oh there he is now, the father of my child, the porn king of the west village.
Yes. Hi, I'd like to order a pizza. Okay, can I ask you a question? Is-is the cute blond guy delivering tonight? Very Ambercrombie & Fitch. I'll call you back.
I mean, we are way past the fling thing, I mean, I am feeling things that I've only read about in Danielle Steele books, you know? I mean, when I'm with him, I'm totally, totally...
I'm fine! I'm fine! I'm just losing a tooth, it's no big deal. I have a dentist! Y'know. I'm gonna go put some ice on it. Excuse me. What do I do now? What do I do now?
Oh please. That Paolo thing was barely a relationship. All it really was was just, ya know, meaningless animal sex. Ok, ya know, that sounded soooo much better in my head.
All right, all right, you're right, I won't do anything with Joey, I just thought that we Ok so that would be two cups of tarragon, one pound of baking soda and one red onion?
Like a little girl. I know. I know. I know. This is all my fault; I wanted him to open up. But God, I didn't know that I was gonna unleash this-this weepy, clingy, moist monster!
All right! Let's get this over with! Ugh! Ohhh! No! Look what I did! Oh, I mean, look at this mess! I mean, we're probably gonna have to clean this up! Y'know? We're gonna have to reschedule!
Alright! Don't get too comfortable there, because I'm back in two weeks! And I want everything back to the way it was. I can't say that I care too much for the way you've rearranged my office.
Well, um . . . I don't know. I mean, for a long time nothing. But you know, actually right before you picked me up, Ross and I had a . . . ah . . . little thing.
Oh, no no no no. I see what you're doing here, alright, listen, this is my job buddy. Okay, I've had it for five years, and I know how it works, so why don't you just catch me up!
I know. Oh-oh, wait did you hear that-hear that? Listen, I'm gettin' something from your grandmother, she said that since you get to keep the one bedroom apartment you should give Rachel the purple chair?
Okay. Okay. I think we can do this if we just get organized. All right? We have two days to plan this party. We just need to make fast decisions! Okay? All right, where are we gonna have it?
I, I don't know, um, do you think you're cute? OK, we're kinda gettin' off the track here. Um, I was supposed to come here and tell you my friend thinks you're cute. So what should I tell her?
Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?
I know. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. All right, this is what we're gonna do, we are gonna go to the next highest bidder, and we are just gonna let them buy it, and then you're just gonna pay the difference.
Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
Okay, well you are just gonna have too, okay. Because I already got a Mother and a Father who cannot stay in the same room together, okay, I don't wanna have to have a separate room for you too!!
Hello, Mark? Hi, it's Rachel Green. Oh no, don't you apologize. Yeah, I'll hold. He left my number at work, but he was helping his niece with her report on the pioneers.
You guys are gonna love meee! Okay, check it out, Thursday night, five tickets, Calvin Klein lingerie show, and you guys are coming with me. Okay, I said that out loud right?
Oh honey, come on, I'm sorry, I didn't.... I don't mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am I gonna learn about fashion by walking Mira, the arthritic seamstress, to the bathroom.
No, it's Ross. It's Ross. You like Ross. Oh daddy, I hope you're okay with all of this. I mean think about it, this is a good thing. You're gonna-This is your first grandchild! You're gonna be a poppy!
Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I'm doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I'm doing something that I'm actually good at. I mean. if you don't get that...
Yes, I know that. I know that. And I know that hiring him was probably not the smartest thing that I've ever done. But I'm telling you, from this moment on I swear this is strictly professional. Yes?
Oh well, the woman I interviewed with was pretty tough, but y'know thank God Mark coached me, because once I started talking about the fall line, she got all happy and wouldn't shut up.
Oh, honey, please, no, I can't get started with all that Ross stuff again. I mean, he's gonna screwed up for a looong time. And besides y'know, I don't, I don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
Hi! I'm gal pal Rachel Green, and if you want the dirt, I'm the one you come too. This might be Joey's baby , who knows? I'm just kidding-Seriously, gal pal Rachel Green.
Hey, now wait a minute! I get when you told people at first that you wanted to be an actor they laughed at you! Now come on Bobby, why don't you tell us a little bit about your band?
That is totally different for two reasons. One - I didn't know that you knew that. And two, I wasn't some creep staring at his ass, we had a deap meaningful relationship.
Ugh! Look you guys, I'm really excited about this! Okay? I don't care what you think! I'm gonna go set up a little litter box for Mrs. Whiskerson. Well, what am I gonna call her? Fluffy?!
Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?
Yeah. Yeah, I-I-I see the scare. Listen, Paul, I think this is really great that-that y'know, you shared your feelings. It's really, it's beautiful, but umm, what do you say we go share some food?
Ross said my name. Okay? My name. Ross said my name up there that obviously means that he still loves me! Okay, don't believe me, I know I'm right-do you guys want to go downstairs and get a drink?
Did you get all this stuff for Joey to try and drive me out of the apartment? Honey, if you wanted to do that, you might as well just gotten him a fish, you know how fish freaked me out!
No, I-I just don't know how you decide who to hire. I mean I've got it narrowed down to two people. One of them has great references and a lot of experience and then there's this guy...
Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance?
Oh, um, no, no, no, no excuse me, hello. Hi. My friend ordered an onion, not an olive, and uh I ordered a rum and Diet Coke, which I don't think this is.
Barbara! Hi, how are you? Uh-huh. No, I understand. Yeah. Oh, oh, come on, no, I'm fine. Don't be silly. Yeah... oh, but you know, if-if anything else opens up, pleaHello? Hello?
Oh, I'm sorry. You know what? I cannot have this conversation with you. I mean, god, you just come in here, and drop this bomb on me, before you even tell Daddy. What? What do you want? Do you want my blessing?
At the Copa, Copa Cabana The hottest spot north of Havana. At the Copa, Coo-pa Ca-ban-a, music and fashion were always the passion, at the Copa....
Yes. Monica, you don't get it. It's bad enough that she's stolen the guy who might actually be the person that I am supposed to be with, but now, she's actually , but now she's actually stealing you.
Noo! Oh no! No! God no! He should not get back together with her. I know that! You know that! Even Ross knows that! But that still doesn't give us the right to erase his message!
Oh yeah, I'm jealous. "Oh Gavin, please, please look at my ass". Stop looking at my ass! I mean, I just think you are totally inappropriate, ok? This is a work environment, she's your subordinate.
Joey! Come on! I don't wanna make any mistakes, alright? This is the only dessert and if I screw it up everybody's gonna be like "Oh, remember that Thanksgiving when Rachel screwed up the trifle?"
Oh, I know, I know, it's-it's so, it's so totally like, "Whoa! Can we do this?" Y'know, I mean, but I mean it just feels right! Don't you think? It does! I mean, it just feels right, don't you think?
Okay, wait a minute. Wait a minute, I-I-I, I can't do this. Listen honey, this is, it's not Phoebe's fault. She lent me the earrings, and I lost it. I'm so sorry. Honey, I feel terrible too.
Listen y'know what sir? For the last time, I don't care what the computer says, we did not take a bag of Mashuga nuts from the mini-bar and we did not watch Dr. Do-Me-A-Little!
I don't know, you thought 'See you Saturday' was funny. Look honey, Mark is in fashion okay, I like having a friend that I can share this stuff with. You guys would never want to go to a lecture with me.
Ahh, hi! Hi! Melissa, what's up? I'm just uh, about to umm, go out to the store to get some stuff to put in my backpack. Y'know, like dried fruit and granola and stuff. What's up?
Oh, okay. Hey, can I ask you a question? Was it me, or-or was the guy who took my blood sample really cute? Y'know who I'm talking about, bald haircut, hairy fingers...
Well sure, if you say you're gonna take care of everything I have no reason to doubt you. Give me those forms! All right, now I'm gonna do this my way and I don't want to hear a peep out of you!
Okay. Okay honey, he's fine, he's fine, let's just put him down. Come here, Ben. See that's a good boy. How could you do that to him!! Ross trusted me, what is he going to say?!
You're right. You're right. I mean I'm about to have a baby, I can tell my mother that I don't want her to just be sleeping on my couch! Oh my God! She's gonna want to sleep in my bed with me. This cannot happen!
Ohh, it's Joshua invited me to this fancy club opening tonight. But, I already told Mr. Waltham that I would take his niece to this dumb old opera. So... What are you gonna do?
Oh my ... you think I'm a pushover. Well wait, watch this, you know what? You're not invited to lunch. What do you think of that? I think that's pretty strong, that's what I think. Come on, Monica, let's go to lunch.
Yeah, one time, when we were dating, uh we got a late checkout, he got so excited it was the best sex we ever had. Until y'know, he screamed out Radisson at the end.
Hey! We were not on a-Okay. That's fine! Fine. Y'know what Ben? One day when you are a lot older I am going to tell you that entire story over a pitcher of real margaritas, okay?
I know. And Mom, I realize you and Daddy were upset when I didn't marry Barry and get the big house in the suburbs with all the security and everything, but this is just so much better for me, you know?
Yes, so close. Mrs. Lynch, I know that this is an emotional and difficult time, for all of us. But by any chance did Joanna send any paperwork your way before... it happened.
Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and I had that chicken, where y'know you poke it and all the butter squirts out...
Oh, okay. Is that what you want to do? You wanna go over and give a little shout out to the old, hot chickas? Okay, let's do that Sailor Joe. Quick question though, what's this called?
I forgot... I am supposed to pick up a friend at the airport. I am so sorry! I'm so... if you want to stay, and finish your drinks, please do.... I meanI'm sorry. I-I-I gotta go. I'm sorry.
Okay, Monica, can you just call it sex?! It really creeps me out when you call it that! Okay, and by the way, while we're at it, a guy's thing is not called his tenderness. Believe me! Hi!
Be-cause Ross is the father of my child! You know... and I... want him to hook up with lots of women! I just... All I'm saying is... I don't think that Joey and Charlie have anything in common.
Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lily, you wuss?' OK, Phoebe, that is not a tattoo, this is a tattoo.
Y'know I can't even worry about that right now, cause I got the cutie little baby, oh I can't believe how much I love her, I can't get enough of her, like right now I miss her. I actually miss her.
Oh no!!!! Oh my God!! This is all making so much sense to me now! This is why Adam Carter wouldn't go out with me! This is why Billy Tratt would just stay in this region!
Oh, with the mother, just... just constantly tell her how amazing her son is. Take it from me, moms love me. Ross's mom one time actually said I'm like the daughter that she never had.
Phoebe, we can't, we just can't just let it happen! Okay, we have to do something! We have to break them up! Okay? Just go in there and like, shave her head! You owe me one bald girl!!
God! Don't-We can't let her start getting ready! This is too awful! Oh God, but wait she'll be in the gown and then he won't show up and then she's gonna have to take off the gown...
Oh, please, I don't care about you enough to bug me. In fact, from now on, I'm going take the high road. And I'm going be very very nice to you, you "momma's boy", starting right now.
What the... DIAL IT DOWN! Listen, ok, and maybe they're crazy thoughts, but sometimes I do, I have, I've been thinking about... you know, us! Ok, dial it up a little!
Hey, Chandler, don't freak out! I'm telling you something you already know! Come on, she broke up with Richard because he didn't want to have babies. And she's a woman, and she's almost 30, and y'know it's Monica.
What are you talking about? I love them! Yeah, I had a tarantula when I was a kid. But it-it died, because my cat ate it. And then, then my cat died. But Joey, isn't this cool?
Well, maybe sometimes I find out things or I hear something and I pass that information on y'know kinda like a public service, it doesn't mean I'm a gossip. I mean, would you call Ted Kopel a gossip?
No! It didn't! That's what I want to talk to you about. Now, just to brief you... I may cry, but they are not tears of sadness or of anger, but just of me having this discussion with you.
Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a demeaning job, just because it's remotely related to the field they're interested in.
Look Monica, getting cold feet is very common. Y'know, it's-it's just because of all the anticipation and you just have to remember that you love Chandler. And also, I ran out on a wedding. You don't get to keep the gifts.
What? What are you talking about?! You-you're the one who's been telling me to get over Ross and move on. I'm moving on, and you're moving on with me. Come on, give me one good reason why you don't wanna go.
That's also the smaller piece. Okay, there you go. Enjoy your half my friend, but that is it. No sharing. No switching, and don't come crying to me if you eat your piece to fast. Oh!!!!
I can't! It's too late! Terry already hired that girl over there. Look at her, she's even got waitress experience. Last night she was teaching everybody how to make napkin.... swans.
All right, would-would you mind just not going out with him again? Okay, just the idea of you and he and all these women, it's just-And I know he's my assistant and I can't date him-but it just bothers me, all right?!
Oh yeah, I don't care how much she tells you she wants it, I don't care if begs, she pleads, she tells you she, she's gonna have sex with, with another man. That just means it's working.
No! No! No! No it's not! No it's not! Come on! Phoebe, ours is totally different! I mean we don't have the... We don't have the...that lamp! And-and that screen is y'know, on the other side.
I-I don't want your job. I-I don't. Ohh this is such a mistake. I did not make out with him. Nobody made out with him. I did not use my keycard yesterday. I don't even know how to use my keycard.
Hey, what do you think is a better excuse for why I'm not drinking on this date tonight. "Umm, I'm a recovering alcoholic. I'm a Mormon," or "I got so hammered last night I'm still a little drunk?"
Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry!
Well y'know, it's you guys. You-you do this kind of stuff! Y'know? I mean, you-you were gonna get married in Vegas and then you backed out! I guess I'm not upset because I don't see you guys going through with it. I'm sorry.
Hello. But you know what, hey, new day, new leaf, I am just really really happy ... I'm sorry, obviously Heather's ass has something more important to say so I'll just wait 'till it's finished.
Oh, yeah, sure. I mean, like in the case of this young woman, she has lost her clothes, so she rides naked on the horse, she's crying out, 'Where are they, where are they?'
Oh my God. I can't believe you live in that building. My grandmother lives in that building. Ida Green? No sense of personal space? Kind of smells like chicken? Looks like a potato.
Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her? I mean that ain't a pretty picture in the morning, y'know what I mean. That wig all in disarray, and boobs flung over the night stand, y'know.
Well, I... you know, I-I-I don't know what to say... I mean, I never thought of you as a guy who needed his men to be men. You know, 'cause I gotta tell you Ross, it not like you just came in from branding cattle.
Joey no, this is wrong! You have to take it back, okay? You don't want to win an award this way. You're very talented. And someday you're gonna win one of these for real and that one is gonna mean something.
Okay, well you had asked me how long we had known each other, and I said, "Eight years." And the um, waiter came over and cut his tip in half, and umm...now here we are.
Hey-hey, y'know what? I don't care! I'm not ashamed of my book. There's nothing with a woman enjoying a little...erotica. It's just a healthy expression of female sexuality, which by the way, you will never understand.
Okay, here we go. I'm Jabba's prisoner, and you have a really weird look on your face. What? Honey, what is it? Did I get it wrong? Did I get the hair wrong? What? Did you just picture it differently? What? What?
Really?! Aren't you sweet! I gotta tell you though, I am, I am having the hardest time placing you. Oh-oh hang on! Did we umm, did we fool around at Lance Davis' graduation party?
But, Pheebs, you can still use the copy machine where I actually work. But, just come by at lunch so my boss doesn't see you. Cause Kim will just freak out and she already doesn't like me very much.
Oh my God! I bet that's him. My digital fairy tale is about to begin. I wonder how I should be? Should I be uh Hello? Or should I be Hi! It's Rach... Would you stop doing that?!
Honey, it's not just a matter of where you put it. I mean a baby changes everything. They cry all the time. I mean imagine bringing home some girl and trying to score when there's a screaming baby around.
You're right! I mean you're right! It wasn't just the Weebles, but it was the Weeble Play Palace, and and the Weebles' Cruise Ship. Oh, which had this little lifeboat for the Weebles to wobble in.
Okay fine! I'll-I'll just tell her it's an antique apothecary table, she doesn't have to know where it came from. Oh! Look at this little drawers! Oh look-look it says that it holds 300 CDs.
Oh, what are you going to do?! Are you gonna go run tell Monica?! Are you gonna tell Joey?! No! Because then you will have to tell them what we did! We are desert stealers! We are living outside the law!
Yes! I will! Absolutely! Hello, Rachel. Hi, Joshua. I left my wallet here on purpose. Really? Yes, I just wanted to see you again. Oh, I'm glad. Rachel, I'd like to say something to you. Yes? How you doin'?
Yeah, maybe, but I don't think I even care. I don't think he's the one I'm sad about. Y'know, I know that I said that I am totally okay with Ross getting married, but as it turns out, I don't think I'm handling it all that well.
See? Yeah, you told me the story. He and Monica dated when they broke up they couldn't even be in the same room together and you all promised that you would stay his friend and what happened? He got phased out!
Yeah! If you don't I will! Of course your body's gonna change. Your breasts are gonna get bigger, your ass is gonna get bigger, you're gonna lose bladder control. God! It's just such a magical time!
It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
What? Uhh, Phoebe, honey, honey, I know you're quirky and I get a big kick out of it, we all do actually, but if you destroy a coat like this that is like a crime against nature! Not nature, fashion!
Dr. Long, I've been at this for seventeen hours! Three women have come and gone with their babies, you gotta give me some good news! How many centimeters am I dilated? Eight? Nine?
And you are so in style right now. Y'know, I work at Ralph Lauren and the whole fall line has got this like equestrian theme going on. I don't suppose you saw the cover of British Vogue, but...
Yeah well, not anymore I can't. He fired us! What are we gonna do? We have to find a pediatrician. Wait wait, Monica said that when you guys were growing up, you really liked your doctor. What was his name?
Oh, I thought you guys meant marijuana cigarettes, y'know? Y'know what I mean, like dubbies? And I actually, I thought to myself, "Wow, those guys are crazy!" But no, I actually smoke the regular ones all, all the time.
It's good. Except he makes us watch the Discovery Channel all day long. Did you know that something really boring happened to someone really ugly in the Middle Ages? Oh, thank you. I'll see you guys later.
But y'know what, if you think it's gonna be okay we'll just work out a system. Y'know, it'll be like college, I'll hang a hanger on the door and put a sign, "Come back later, I'm gettin' lucky."
Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobody thought she would. It's a true testament to what a girl from long island would do for a Celica.
And so I had a lot of work to do so Ross, nice guy that he is, offered to help me out. And then we had a little wine, we got to talking, and the next thing you know out of nowhere Ross comes on to me.
It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him that it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Yes I did! And I put a little Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today," and underlined today three times and, and then I put a little heart in the corner because I didn't want to seem to bossy.
I know, I know, I know, I know. I was just thinking about when they were there the last time, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. OK, OK, look, woah, I promise, I'm good, I'm not gonna laugh anymore. OK put your hands back there.
Well, I just checked our messages and Joshua didn't call. I mean you'd think he'd be worried about me not showing up at his club. Ugh, you know what makes it so much worse, Ross is all happy in Vermont!
Oh my God, I cannot believe this. You know I actually came in here hoping to have a mature conversation with youAbout us! But I can't do that with someone who hides my messages and brings crazy women back to my apartment!
Oh yes I do. I do. I believe that there is one perfect person out there for everyone. And do you know how you find him? You stop looking for him. That's why I stopped looking for Russell Crowe. He'll find me.
This is a very critical time right now. If you feel yourself reaching for that phone, then you go shoe shopping, you get your butt in a bubble bath. You want her back you have to start acting aloof.
No, I know I don't either, but ya know what, it's their party, and it's just one night. And we don't even have to lie; we just won't say anything. If it comes up again, we'll just...smile. We'll nod along.
Come on! We will be there for you the whole time! Just remember gal pal Rachel Green. Ha-ha! I'm gonna be in Soap Opera Digest! And not just in the dumb crossword puzzle. Seriously, proud of you.
Oh! I do not remember him! Wow! He's really got that sexy, smoldering thing going on. Oh my God, he's... Look at the way he's just staring at me. I think he's trying to mouth something to me, but I can't make it out.
And then, I don't know, I mean you'd pull me really close to you so that, so that I'd be pressed up, you know, right against you. And, um, it would get kind of sweaty and uh, and blurry, and then it's just happening.
I know! I know, she says it's all mass-produced, nothing is authentic, and everyone winds up having the same stuff. So come on, she's gonna be here any second! Can we please just cover this up with something?! Please?
Oh my god. Ok you guys, there's Danny. Watch. Just watch this. See?! Still pretending he's not interested. Ohh, he's coming over. Just pretend like we don't know him. We've forgotten who he is.
Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she taught me how to kiss..
Well I'll tell ya! See uh my-my boss and his wife-They-they can't have children. So umm, and that-we were at the Christmas party, and he got drunk, and he said to me, "Rachel, I want to buy your baby."
No, really. Really, Pheebs, you're not gonna be the one worrying about saving for college, or yelling at them when they're bad, y'know, or deciding to put them on Ritalin when they just won't calm down. Y'know?
Yeah, I know. I had the greatest day though, I got to sit in on the meeting with the reps from Calvin Klien. I told my boss I liked this line of lingerie, she ordered a ton of it. How was your day?
Ross, I said I'm sorry like a million times. What do you want me to do? You want me to break my foot too? Okay, I'm gonna break my foot, right here. Ow!! Oh! Oh my God, oh my God! There, are you happy now?!
Yeah I know. She ran into him at my office and they just...made out. And the craziest thing is, now my boss likes me because I told her about it and she said it was the best gossip she'd heard all year.
In the afternoon. Mr. Zelner came into my office after lunch. He put them on my desk, and then I put a Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today." So you just keep looking in there! All right?
It was cheesecake. It was fine. It had a buttery, crumbly, graham cracker crust, with a very rich yet light, cream cheese filling... Wow! My whole mouth just filled with saliva!
Well, I haven't discussed it with him yet, but I know he's gonna be relieved. Last week, he brought this girl over and I started talking to her about morning sickness and then I showed her pictures from my pregnancy book.
Let me uh, let me ask you something, do wedding vows mean squat to you people?! And why is it that the second we tell you we're going out of town, bamn there you are in bed with the neighbor's dog walker?!
Well y'know, we would umm, repeat everything the other said, or uh, we'd jump out of closets to scare each other, or switch the sugar for the salt so they'd put salt on their cereal.
Oh, I wish he was a doll, then I could get a Rachel doll and bump them together and make kissy noises. Oh! And he has the most beautiful name, I never realised it, Joshua! Josh-u-a! Joshua! Josh.
I don't care! I don't care! You are going to have to take her out again and end it, and end it in way that she knows it's actually ended. And, I don't care how hard it is for you, do not tell her that you will call her again!
Yeah, I went to a wedding once where they had swing music and uh, two months later the couple got divorced. And now I'm not saying that there's any connection here y'know, but they did tell me that's why they got divorced.
No, y'know what? It's gonna be okay. I mean you don't have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y'know? And-and you don't need, you don't need this custom-made, empire waisted, duchess, satin gown; you can wear off the rack.
Oh, well, you are so cute! I wish I could play with you more, but I've got to go to work! I hope I stop talking like this before my marketing meeting, yes I do. Yes I do. Bye-bye, Joey. Oh, I seriously can't stop it.
Well, of course I am! It's not gonna happen to Ross! He's your brother. He's your old college roommate. Ugh, it was just a matter of time before someone had to leave the group. I just always assumed Phoebe would be the one to go.
All right Joey! That is enough! Listen, as beautiful and moving as this ceremony is, it's not legal. Okay? They-they don't have a marriage license, they don't have any witnesses, and the groom only has on one shoe!
Come on Phoebe, look at that! They are not breaking up, look at them. Okay that's, you know what that is? That is a, that is a second date, that's what that is! Look at that, she just put her hand on his thigh...
Ok, you know what, lemme, let me just see what else I can do. All right, look, look. Why don't you just let her go on after Stephanie whatever-her-name-is. I mean, you won't even be here. You don't pay her. It's not gonna cost you anything.
Well of course we will help you decide! We will do anything we can to help you! Now, I would like to make a toast, to the future Mrs. Chandler Bing , my best friend, and truly one of the nicest people that...
God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was totally not worth it. Who's FICA? Why's he getting all my money? I mean, what- Chandler, look at that.
Yeah, and also we need more umm, drinks. Hold on a second. Whup, okay. Hello! Vegas? Yeah, we would like some more alcohol, and y'know what else? We would like some more beers. Hello? Ohh, I forgot to dial!
No! None! I mean, my first night in the city, he mentioned something about asking me out, but nothing ever happened, so I just... : W-well, what else did he say? I mean, does he, like, want to go out with me?
Oh, and then, we got into this big, stupid fight. I just, it was awful. I told him he treats me like a park ranger, or something, oh and then I told him I wanted to take a break, I don't want to take a break.
That's right! 'Cause that would give him the control! So now he's all ooh, coming up with this whole I've got a party thing y'know, trying to get me to hint around for an invitation. Blew up in his face, didn't it?
What?! Wait a minute! No wait a minute! Okay? Look, that night was the one wild thing I have ever done in my entire life, and I'm not gonna let you take that away from me! Okay, so if you don't remember that, maybe you will remember this!
Yeah, when I was in the bathroom I saw the window that I crawled out of at my wedding, and God, I just started thinking that I shouldn't be here, you know I shouldn't, people are going to be looking at me and judging me and, and thinking about the last time.
Ok, ok, ok. How did this happen to me? How did this happen to me? A week ago, two weeks ago, I was fine. Ross was just Ross, just this guy. Now he's Rrrooossss, oh, this really great guy that I can't have.
Look Joey, I'm sorry if-if you thought that was mean, but I gotta tell ya something. That was not mean. Okay, my father is mean. He used to yell at me all the time on the boat, I mean it was horrible. I was just being a good teacher.
They sent me home from work. They were like, "Start your maternity leave now! Just rest, get ready for the baby." Well y'know what? Screw 'em! If they don't want me there, I'll just hang out with you guys.
Yeah that's great Paul, but y'know I wanna know what--Wow, those are really great! I just wanna know what, what is behind this-this strong, silent exterior. Y'know they say that still waters run deep and I wanna swim in yours.
Mum, please!I know you love your new lips, but I can barely understand you! Would you, please, just let me say goodnight to my daughter? TV: "And number 29! Here we go! The Powerball is 7"
Okay sir, um-mm, let see if I got this right. Ah, so this is a half-caf, double tall, easy hazel nut, non-fat, no foam, with whip, extra hot latte, right? Okay, great. You freak.
Ohh, gosh. You guys, come on, this is-I have to meet Joshua! This is my one chance for him to see the fun Rachel. Y'know the "Wouldn't it be great if she was my wife" Rachel. Ohh, all right! Are Joey and Chandler back?
Well Joey, you'll probably get it. But you should probably your-your gracious loser face. Y'know when like the cameras are on you and you wanna look disappointed but also that your colleague deserved to win. Y'know? So it's sorta like...
No, you don't, Ross. Imagine the worst things you think about yourself. Now, how would you feel if the one person that you trusted the most in the world not only thinks them too, but actually uses them as reasons not to be with you.
Ohhh well. Y'know what honey? The best thing to do to get over a guy is to start dating someone else. Oh! There is this great guy you will love at work named Bob! He's a real up-and-comer in Human Resources.
Ohh, okay, I'm sorry. You're right. Y'know what? We absolutely can stay married, because I was under the impression that the boxes were far away from each other. All right, look, just please, take a moment here and think about what you're asking of me.
Hey-whoa-whoa-whoa!! Ho-ho-hold on a sec there, Mr. Kissey! Y'know, I've been meaning to talk to you about this whole, little, new European thing you got going on, and I just need to tell you that it makes me very uncomfortable and I just-y'know-stop it!
They're having their baby! It's not fair Ross we got here first! Right after you left they wheeled her off into delivery. Oh but not before she gave me a juicy shot of little Jamie just crowning away.
I mean, it's a cat, y'know, it's a cat. Why can't they get one of those bugs, y'know, one of those fruitflies, those things that live for like a day or something? What're they called, what're they called, what're they called?
Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that boyfriend, who, I hear, needs to keep his stapler in his desk drawer, if you know what I'm talking about.
Hi! Uhh, do you guys have plans for the weekend? Because I have my sister on hold, and she said that we could use her cabin for the weekend and go skiing. Huh? I'm asking you first, right?!. I mean I'm playing by the rules.
Oh, come on Joey! You will totally keep it in check this time, and plus y'know the publicity would be really good for your career! And you deserve that! And if you do the interview you can mention, oh I don't know, gal pal Rachel Green?
Yeah, but he waited until the last minute! So if I said yes, he would know I had nothing better to do than wait around for an invitation to his stupid party. I said, "No!" Which puts me right back in the driver seat.
Oh. Oh. Well there you go. Whew! That is-that's great-that is really great-great news. Y'know 'cause the whole not being ready and kinda the financial aspects, all that. Whew. Wow, this is so just the way it was supposed to be. God.
Why didn't he call? He's gonna stay with Julie, isn't he? He's gonna stay with her and she's going to be all, "Hi, I'm Julie, Ross picked me, and we're gonna to get married, have a lot of kids and dig up stuff together."
I believe you. So, it was right in the middle of a staff meeting so of course no one else wants to correct her so everyone else is calling me Raquel! By the end of the day, the mailroom guys were calling me Rocky!
So, if I wanna have my kid when I'm 35, I don't have to get pregnant until I'm 34. Which gives Prada four years to start making maternity clothes! Oh wait, but I do want to be married for a year before I get pregnant...
Okay, well then how about puberty! Come on, that's always a painful time! Y'know your friends invite you to a slumber party and then they stick your hand in warm water while you're sleeping so that you pee in your sleeping bag.
Ok, doggie get the- aahhh. Ok go get the sandwich, get the sandwich doggie. Good doggie get the sandwich, get the...ok, Joey, the dog will lick himself but he will not touch your sandwich, what does that say?
Fine. Fine, but I'll have you know that once I taught him that stuff he called me Fun Aunt Rachel. And I loved being Fun Aunt Rachel but I'll go back to being Boring and Uncomfortable Aunt Rachel if that's what you want!
Yes, but I, I think about who's apartment we're gonna sleep at tomorrow night and, and where we're gonna have dinner next Saturday night. I do not think about what our childrens' names are gonna be. You know what our childrens names are gonna be.
I just don't want him to meet anybody until I am over my crush-And I will get over it. It's-it's not like I love him, it's just physical! But-I mean I get crushes like this all the time! I mean hell, I had a crush on you when I first met ya!
Oh my God Phoebe, this is impossible! We can't do this by Friday! We have to find a place. We have to invite people! We have to get food! There's just too much to do! It's impossible! We can't do it! We cannot do it! We cannot do it!
Well okay, how about four hours in a freezing museum auditorium listening to Professor Pitstains and he's 'Hey everybody! Remember that thing that's been dead for a gazillion years. Well there's this little bone we didn't know it had!'
Ah! You know what honey guys are just different, they like things that we can't understand, you know I once dated this guy who wanted to pretend he was an archeologist and I was a naughty cave woman that he unfroze from a block of ice.
Oh wow! What now Ross you're not gonna talk? How on earth will you ever annoy me? Oh wait a minute, I know. I mean you'd think the damn jalepeno would've cleared up your sinuses, but no!! That's not enough... What are you doing?!
No, no don't get mad because look-this is what happened. So I-I started packing, then I realized, "What am I doing? I am lousy at packing!" Right? But you love packing! So, as a gift to you, on our last night, ta-da!
Honey see, it doesn't mean that I don't love you. Because I do. I love you, I love you so much. But my work it's-it's for me y'know, I'm out there, on my own, and I'm doing it and it's scary but I love it, because it's mine. I, but, I mean is that okay?
Fine! I judged you. I made a snap judgement. But you did it too! And you are worse because you are sticking to your stupid snap judgement! You can't even open up your mind for a second to see if you're wrong! What does that say about you?
Well. Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys have a really, uh, have a really good night and you two have a, uh, have a, uh, really good cat. OK, we're not supposed to take these when we leave.
Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little Geller dimension thing OK. So I'm gonna go and take a nice long hot bubble bath because you kids are driving me crazy.
Okay, well then how about a handshake? Oh God I'm sorry! Oh God, I'm sorry! I did not mean to touch that-I mean you there. There. Uhh, okay, so thank-thank you, I'm going to leave now thank you very much uh-huh, thank you so-Hey! I'll see you Monday!
It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.
Oh, I don't know. I guess it's not about no guys, it's about the right guy, y'know? I mean, with Barry, it was safe and it was easy, but there was no heat. With Paolo, that's all there was, was heat! And it was just this raw, animal, sexual...
What if, um, if he calls his own cell phone to find out who found it and I answer and we start talking and we fell in love. I mean wouldn't that be a great story? Kind of like a fairy tale for the digital age.
Oh how can you possibly know? Look at this mess, Tag! I mean, this is what I'm talking about! You have to be organized! You've got newspapers! You've got magazines! You got-Ohh! And who is this chippy? A little young for you Tag, but whatever.
Okay, I have to tell you something that I have never admitted during our entire friendship! But, when we were in high school I made out with James Farrell even when I knew that you liked him! Wow, that feels so good to get off my chest! Okay, you go!
Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels great.
Pheebs, this whole apartment thing is just a nightmare! Every place I can afford comes with a roommate who is a freak. I mean, look at this; "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." It's just, there is nothing! The city's full!
Chandler, that's not enough. I mean what if she gets you a great present, two medium presents, and a bunch of little presents? And you've just gotten her one great present? I mean that's just gonna make her feel bad. Why would you do that to her Chandler? Why? Why?
Okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay! I got it! I got it! I got it! I can't! I can't! I can't! I cannot go with you and my sister thing. Okay? I just can't. It's just too weird, all right? I imagine the two of you together and I freak out. It freaks me out. I can't do it! I can't do it.
This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?
No! No! No! I'm not yelling at you, I'm just yelling near you. Oh God Joey, ohh I'm my father. Oh my God, this is horrible! I've been trying so hard not to be my mother I did not see this comin'. Oh, Joey, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I just wanted you to learn.
Oh, see now I feel bad for the kid! I had a crush on a teacher once and it was so hard! Y'know you-I couldn't concentrate and I blushed every time he looked at me. I mean come on, you remember what's it's like to be 19 and in love.
I overheard you guys on the phone the other day, and you said, "I'll just tell Rachel that I'm doing laundry for a couple of hours." And he said, "Laundry? Is that my new nickname?" And you said, "No! You know what your nickname is, Mr. Big."
Okay, y'know what?! I know-I know how to settle this! All right here, this is what we're gonna do! I'm gonna write Joey on one napkin and I'm gonna right Ross on the other napkin and we are going to pick one! And that person is going to be our backup! Okay?
Ooh, I miss dating. Gettin' all dressed up and going to a fancy restaurant. I'm not gonna be able to do that for so long, and it's so much fun! I mean not that sitting at home worrying about giving birth to a sixteen pound baby is not fun.
Yeah me too. oh! I have an idea. Why don't we all pitch in 50 bucks, we'll pool our money together and then if we win, we'll split it! Everyone almost simultaneously except Ross: yeah thats a great idea!
Okay. All right Dina, well let's talk about the different areas of fashion that you could get involved in. Let's see, there's design, but you may need a whole other degree for that. Uh, there's-there's sales, which is great because you get to travel...
Well, there you go. You win, you win. You get to do the presentation, you'll knock 'em dead, no one will ever remember that I worked here, and then Ralph will buy his helicopter, and Super Gavin will just fly right along side of him!
But I do not want to have everything decided for me. I spent my whole life like that. It's what I had with Barry, that was one of the reasons I left. I, I like not knowing right now and I'm sorry if that scares you but if you want to be with me you are gonna have to deal with that.
What? Homo ergaster: Some scientists classify some African erectus specimens as belonging to a separate species, Homo ergaster, which differs from the Asian H. erectus fossils in some details of the skull .
Oh, yeah! Real fun. Y'know, this bra... Really, bothers me. Y'know, this used to be my bedroom. Yeah. A lot of memories in here, a lot of memories. If these walls could talk, y'know what they'd say? Wanna hear some memories?
Okay, Pheebs, y'know what, let's look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsession starts. All right? The summer after ninth grade he sees me in a two-piece for the first time, his obsession begins to grow. So then...
We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it's actually for Joshua. Look, he said he's not ready to date, so I had to invite him to a party if I wanted to see him outside of work, and now I have the perfect opportunity to seduce him!
I cannot believe that I did this. Especially after Monica just went on and on and on about it! "Okay Rachel! Here are the invitations Rachel! Now be very careful Rachel! Please, drinking no liquids around the invitations Rachel!" Whoa oh! Oh-oh-oh! Oh...oh-oh-oh...
It's all gonna be okay. They're just so happy that I'm not suing them that they gave me one extra month paid maternity leave. So long as I understand that the money should not construed as a down payment on this or any other child I should bear.
Okay. All right, stand up. Well, when we're at the door, I lightly press my lips against his, and then move into his body just for a second, and then I make this sound, "Hmmm." Okay, I know it doesn't sound like anything, but I swear it works.
No! All right?! I did not see the bird! I did not see the fish! I did not see the piece of Styrofoam that was shaped like Mike Tyson! I did not, because I was trying to teach you how to sail a boat! Which obviously is an impossible thing to do!
I mean I think I'd say no to anybody right now. Oh, but it was so strange. I mean I'm standing there with this charming, cute guy, who's asking me to go out with him, which I'm allowed to do, and I felt guilty. Y'know, like I'd be cheating on Ross or something.
Hey. Amy. You've got to stop doing that. Monica about to have a heart attack: Okay, listen I know you're having a little bit of a family crisis, but you don't have to take it out on the plates. I mean, I mean in fact I think that everyone should cut their food like this.
Well, yeah, right, y'know what? Yeah, you're right, I mean, we no, we have our fun. Yeah! But if ......I mean, I mean like craaaazy! Y'know? Okay, all right. This is gonna, this is gonna sound y'know, a little umm, hasty, but uh, just go with it. Umm. Ugh. What if we got married?
All right. Woo! Hey, look at that, the airport's moving. Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? They said they were gonna wait! Miss? Yeah, does the captain know that we're moving? Oh my... Ross, you better be under the wheels of this thing!!
Noooo... the interview! She loved me! She absolutely loved me. We talked for like two and a half hours, we have the same taste in clothes, andoh, I went to camp with her cousin... And, oh, the job is perfect. I can do this. I can do this well!
No, she was already in, but then this big bitch behind me tried to steal my umbrella, so I clocked her. Ohhh! I can't believe this, all I wanted was a few hours outside of work to see Joshua, so he can go ahead and start falling in love with me.
Okay, I think we can get the evaluation back before they see it, but we're gonna have to get into Mr. Zelner's office. Now, he doesn't get in until 10, so he's no problem, but his assistant, Betty, she comes in early to eat her breakfast at her desk.
Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley, Blackberry, and.. oh, wait, there's one more, um.. Lemon Soother. You're not the guy that asked for the tea, are you? Okay.
I'm off my break now so uh, um here you take this and um, I am gonna go pour these very nice people some coffee. Ok. Oh look at that, I don't have a pot. I don't have a pot. Well, hey, maybe I've got one at home, or in Scarsdale. Hey is that a door?
No. I can't, you're a totally different person to me now. I used to think of you as somebody that would never, ever hurt me, ever. God, and now I just can't stop picturing with her, I can't, it doesn't matter what you say, or what you do, Ross. It's just changed, everything. Forever.
OK, you're whiney, you are, you're obsessive, you are insecure, you're, you're gutless, you know, you don't ever, you don't just sort of seize the day, you know. You like me for what, a year, you didn't do anything about it. And, uh, oh, you wear too much of that gel in your hair.
All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the sweetest thing! I mean it was so cute, it would sit in my lap and purr all day long, and I would drag a shoestring on the ground and he would chase it!
Okay, I'm not just waitressing. I'm.. I, um... I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh... and I, uh... I take the uh dead flowers out of the vase... Oh, and, um, sometimes Artelle lets me put the little chocolate blobbies on the cookies.
The beef? Yeah, that was weird to me, too. But then, y'know, I thought "well, there's mincemeat pie," I mean that's an English dessert, these people just put very strange things in their food, y'know. Oh! by the way, can I borrow some Rum from your place?
Well then uh, we better make this night count. Oh wait, I forgot to turn off the cappucino machine. Anchors away. Oh no no, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my pu rse. Oh, you know what. I forgot to turn off the bathroom light.
Yeah, I admit it. I have a crush on you, and uh, and, and I know that's crazy because we work together, and-and nothing could ever happen, and the last thing I want to do is-is to freak you out or make you feel uncomfortable. Which is why it would be really great if you said something right about now.
No, no, no, I'm looking at a purchase order right here and it clearly states that we ordered the Rivera bikini in a variety of sizes and colours. And.... What does it matter, what I'm wearing?! Can I please speak to your supervisor? Thank you. We're holding.
Ross look, look this is good for you. Okay? Let's face it, so far the guy's not lovin' ya! But I can turn that around! I got the inside track! We can all go out to dinner, y'know? And I can talk you up! Ross, the guy is a very, very successful lawyer!
Joey, you can't let him get away with that. Ya know what, I'm not going to let him get away with that. I'm going to say something to him-No, I really shouldn't say anything-No, I should say something to him. Gunther, I want you to give Joey his job back. That is really not fair that you have to fire him...
Look, I am so...so happy for you guys, but you getting married just reminds me of the fact that I'm not. I'm not even close. And I don't know, maybe I just wanted to make myself feel better. And I know that that's dumb, but oh my God you were so depressed when Ross got married that you slept with Chandler!
Yeah, totally! You are in such good hands. And I'm so good with meeting parents. With the father, you know, you want to flirt a little bit, but not in a gross way. Just kind of like: "Oh mr. Pincer, I can see where Wallis gets his good looks..."
Yes! And not because I want you to go out with me, but because I don't want you to go out with anybody! Okay? I know it's a terrible thing to even think this, and it's completely inappropriate, but I want you to be at my constant beck and call 24 hours a day! I'm very sorry, but that is just the way that I feel.
Yeah, well, y'know umm... No honey, listen I think it's a great idea to become friends with someone before you date them, but I think the way you do it is y'know you meet someone, become their friend, build a foundation, then you ask them out on a date. Don't hit on your existing friends!
Well, well, well, hop back in bucko, cause I got four sixes! I won! I actually won! Oh my God! Y'know what? I think I'm gonna make a little Ross pile. I think that one was Ross's, and I thinkohthat one was Ross's. Yes! : Well, I have got your money, and you'll never see it...
All right. Look. Gavin...I...I guess I felt guilty that you were here, which I shouldn't. You know Ross and I are not inany relationship but...he is the father of my child, and you know we do live together and plus there is just so muchhistory...you know it's just...I don't know, I'm sorry, I'm just all over the place.
Oh, what is wrong with me lately? I mean it's like every guy I see-I mean look here. Look at that guy for example, I mean normally that's not someone I would-would be attracted to, but right now, with the way I'm feeling, all I want to do is rip off his sweatpants and fanny pack.
Well of those things that you said in the interview, I mean if you believe any of them, I must not be a very good assistant. Y'know what? I am just gonna pack up my desk, and I will be gone by the end of the day! Well, I guess there's no use to me sticking around 'til the end of the day!
But honey he calls everybody by a nickname! Okay, look, I know, all right, just one dinner, please, just one night for me, please. I just want him to love you like I do. All right, well not exactly like I do, but, but, if you do come to dinner, I'll love you like I do in that black thing that you like.
Hi! So I'm out having lunch at Monica's and this guy starts talking to me, and it turns out he works for a buyer at Bloomingdale's and there happens to be an opening in his department. So I gave him my phone number and he's gonna call me this weekend to see if he can get me an interview!
So what do you say we make a pact? If you and I are both single by the time we're 40, we get married. I mean, we know each other, we like each other, and we've-we've already slept together so y'know there'll be no surprises there! You know what I mean? No like, "What's that?!"
Ugh, it was horrible! And-and the interview part went so well, y'know? I even made him laugh. He said something about a boat and I was like, "Well, yeah! If you've got enough life jackets!" Trust me, it was actually, it was very funny. Anyway, so we were saying good-bye and ugh!
Well, like anything can be sexy. Like umm, oh-oh, like this dishtowel! Ooh, ooh, this feels sooo good against my cheek! And-and if I feel a little hot, I can just dab myself with it. Or I can bring it down to my side and bring it through my fingers while I talk to him.
No Phoebe! You cannot get the phone that way; that's not fair! Okay look, I have an idea. Why don't we, why don't we see what kind of number he has on his speed dial, and then from that we can tell who has more in common with him. And then whoever does gets the phone.
Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat who, by the way, I think you should name Michael. And, you know, ya see there I'm thinking of names so obviously, I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure.
Don't say that I have no sentiment! This is a movie stub from our first date! This is an eggshell from the first time you made me breakfast in bed! This is from the museum from the first time we... were together. Okay, maybe I exchange gifts sometimes, but I keep the things that matter!
Oh mom, I swear I'm not an idiot. I've read all kinds of books on pregnancy and giving birth, but I-I just didn't think to read the part about what to do when the baby comes. And-and then guess what? The baby's coming and I don't know what to do. Oh, can I throw up in my diaper genie?
Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh, he will have a white wine spritzer. Woo! Hey, look at that, the airport's moving. Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? Hey, time-out, umm, yeah, does the captain know that we're moving? Oh my God. Oh, my gosh.
Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she's gonna get over this, y'know? I mean, so you said my name! Y'know you just said it 'cause you saw me there, if you'd have seen a circus freak, you would've said, "I take thee circus freak." Y'know, it didn't mean anything, it's just a mistake. It didn't mean anything. Right?
Anastassakis/Papasifakis wedding, excellent! {It's a good thing Jennifer Aniston is Greek, because she had to pronounce those names. Luckily for me, they were written on a sign.} Congratulations. Mazel Tov! Hi! Oh, great hat. Listen umm, I need you to perform another wedding. Can you do that?
You guys this cat is nothing like my grandmother's cat. I mean, it's not sweet, it's not cute, I even dragged that little string on the ground, and it just flipped out and scratched the hell out of me. And I swear, I know this sounds crazy, but every time this cat hisses at me I know it's saying, "Rachel!"
Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back to him... 'Hi Barry! Remember me? I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart in front of your entire family!' Oh God and now I'm gonna have to return the ring, without the ring, which makes it so much harder...
So, Spin The Bottle works like this I spin the bottle, it lands on Gunther, so I would have to kiss Gunther. (She crawls over to where Gunther is sitting and sees the look of anticipation on Gunther's face and decides not to kiss him.) All right. Who wants to go first?
Ross? Look, whatever this relationship stuff that Emily wants, just give it to her. Come on, the bottom line here is that you love her. So just fix whatever she wants fixed. Just do it. I mean, you're gonna have to try. You'll just gonna hate yourself if you don't. Oh come on answer it! It's driving me crazy!
Well, it gets worse. When asked if you take initiative I wrote, "Yes, he was able to unhook my bra with minimal supervision," and under Problems with Performance I wrote, "Dear God, I hope not," and then uh, then I drew a little smiley face, and then a small pornographic sketch.
Monica, I'm quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn't even buy it! I'm telling you I'm quitting! That's it! I'm talking to my boss right now! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message.
...the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you've grown. Y'know? I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, "Once a cheater, always a cheater." Ooh, I just wish we hadn't lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
Ah, I-I never should have said what I said. It-y'know what? It just doesn't matter how I feel. I mean we work together, so nothing could really ever happen between us, and what I would love is just to go to work on Monday, and-and never talk about this again, okay? Big day Monday lots to do. So, we're okay?
Well, you know what? This is great. Finally, I have someone I can pass on my wisdom too. Let me tell you about a couple of things I learned while working at the coffeehouse. First of all, the customer is always right. A smile goes a long way. And if anyone is ever rude to you? Sneeze muffin.
I mean what if this keeps happening? Y'know, they'll-they'll be outside smoking, making all the decisions and I'll just be up in my office breathing my stupid clean air, y'know? And then when the day comes when Kim wants to promote one of us, who do you think she's gonna pick? Me or Smokey Smokerson?
No, so I don't have to get married until I'm 33! That's three years, that's three whole years-Oh, wait a minute though. I'll need a year and a half to plan the wedding, and I'd like to know the guy for a year, year and a half before we get engaged... Which means I need to meet the guy by the time I'm thirty.
Hello? Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you? Yes, yes, I've heard, congratulations, that is so great. Really? Oh. Okay. Okay, well I'm working tomorrow, but if you want you can, you can, you can come by and... Okay... Great... Great... All right, so I'll, so I'll see you tomorrow! Okay.. Okay... Bye. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.
Well... That's...y'know-That's-We've been alone for the last twenty minutes we're doing okay. Besides y'know what? I-I-Maybe we won't be alone, 'cause lately I-I-things have been happening between me and Ross, y'know? Right before I went into labor, we-we had this kiss. Y'know? So it might be the...the beginning of something.
Oh my God this is sooo humiliating. I think the only thing that tops that was, was, was when I was in the eight grade and I had to sing the Copa Cabana in front of the entire school. I think I got about two lines into it before I ran and freaked out. Oh my God, my entire life is flashing before my eyes.
Oh, I know, I know, the odds are against us, but somebody has to win, and it could be us! And then how you gonna feel? You know, we're gonna be all like "oh everybody, let's take our helicopters up to the cape" and you're gonna be all like "oh, I can't guys, I'll meet you guys up there, I gotta gas up the Hyundai"
Come on! They rushed into this thing so fast it's ridiculous! I mean, they're gonna be engaged for like what? A year? And somewhere along the way, one of them is gonna realise what they've done and they're call the whole thing off. I'm telling ya, you're gonna be dancing at my wedding before you're dancing at there's.
Well, Joey probably thinks I'll just embarrass him. Y'know, he thinks I'm some kind of a soap opera nut-Which I'm not! I'm not. Although I do know that your uh, your favorite ice cream flavor is butter pecan. And uh, and that your-your dog's name is Wally. Well look at that, I'm just stroking your arm.
It's a truffle. It's got all of these layers. First there's a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of jam, then custard, which I made from scratch, then raspberries, more ladyfingers, then beef sauteed with peas and onions, then a little more custard, and then bananas, and then I just put some whipped cream on top!
Because , because, I just heard it. I heard it, and it's ridiculous! I mean, you're married. You're-you're married and it's just ridiculous, and it's like, it's like when said it, I sort of like, I floated up out of my body, y'know? And, and-and then I heard myself say it and then the floating Rachel was like, "You are such an idiot!"
Yeah, he dumped me. He said, "Rachel, I can't do this. Even though you are a very, very, very beautiful woman. I can't do this. I'm married and I'm sorry." And then I don't know why but he said, "and you will never get promoted. Especially not above Kim, who is an integral cog in the Ralph Lauren machine."
It's a trifle. It's got all of these layers. First there's a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of jam, then custard, which I made from scratch. Then raspberries, more ladyfingers, then beef sauted with peas and onions, then a little more custard, and then bananas, and then I just put some whipped cream on top!
Obviously you know how to haggle, so I'm not gonna try and take you on. Okay? So $800 and I don't call the cops because you're robbing me blind! Blind! Just take cat, leave the money, and run away! Run away! Damnit! Cat, can't you at least smile or something?! Okay, did anybody just hear that? Anybody?
Um, ok, uh, oh god, um, when you and uh Ross first started going out, it was really hard for me, um, for many reasons, which I'm not gonna bore you with now, but um, I just, I see how happy he is, you know, and how good you guys are together, and um, Monica's always saying how nice you are, and god I hate it when she's right.
Mon you definitely have to make it a theme wedding, and the theme could be, "Look how much money we've got!" Y'know, I mean you could put, you could put money in-in the invitations! You-you could have like little money place settings. And ah, you could start with a money salad! I mean it'll be dry, but people will like it.
They wanna know if I'm okay. Okay.. they wanna know if I'm okay, okay, let's see. Well, let's see, the FICA guys took all my money, everyone I know is either getting married, or getting promoted, or getting pregnant, and I'm getting coffee! And it's not even for me! So if that sounds like I'm okay, okay, then you can tell them I'm okay, okay?
Um, excuse me, everyone. Ah, this is my last night working here, and I ah, just wanted say that I made some really good friends working here, and ah, it's just time to move on. Ah, and no offence to everybody who ah, still works here, you have no idea how good it feels to say that as of this moment I will never have to make coffee again.
Okay, fine. Gunther, y'know what, I am a terrible waitress, do you know why I'm a terrible waitress? Because, I don't care. I don't care. I don't care which pot is regular and which pot is decaf, I don't care where the tray spot is, I just don't care, this is not what I want to do. So I don't think I should do it anymore. I'm gonna give you my weeks notice.
No! Put that box down! We are not going anywhere! This is my apartment and I like it! This is a girl's apartment! That is a boy's apartment, it's dirty and it smells. This is pretty. It's-it's so pretty! And look, and it's-it's purple! And I'm telling you, you with the steady hand, I am not moving, and now I have got the steady hand.
Oh, Ross, this is just so messed up! What's wrong with us? You know when people hear about our situation theyAlways ask, "what, you live together but you're not a couple? And you have a baby, isn't that weird? And I say "No.You know what, it's not, because it works for us! But you know this doesn't work. In fact this is the opposite of working!
Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I've known them separately and I've known them together and-and to know them as a couple is to know that you are truly in the presence of love. So I would like to raise my glass to Monica and Chandler and the beautiful adventure they are about to embark upon together. I can think of no two people better prepared for the journey.
Hi, Mr. Treeger. Hi, it's Rachel Green from upstairs. Yes, somebody, uh, broke our knob on the radiator and it's really hot in here. Yes, it's, it's hot enough to bake cookies. Well, do you think we could have a new one by 6? Wha t, no, no, Tuesday, we can't wait until Tuesday, we're having a party tonight.
I don't care about the little dude! I can't! I cannot listen to anymore of this! Y'know, the only person who would want to listen to this is a mental health professional! And then it's only because they get paid $100 an hour! Do you know how much money I could've made listening to you? $2,000! And do you know when I figured that out? While you were talking!
Yeah, I mean, you know it, I mean, if it were me I, I, you know, I'd want you to, I don't know, like catch me off guard, you know, with like a really good kiss, you know really, sort of um, soft at first, then maybe um brush the hair away from my face, and look far into my eyes in a way that let's me know that something amazing is about to happen.
Yeah. It's just gonna be too hard. Y'know? I mean, it's Ross. How can I watch him get married? Y'know it's just, it's for the best, y'know it is, it's... Y'know, plus, somebody's got to stay here with Phoebe! Y'know she's gonna be pretty big by then, and she needs someone to help her tie her shoes; drive her to the hospital in case she goes into labour.
Alright. In high school I was the prom queen and I was the homecoming queen and the class president and you... were also there! But if you take this monkey, I will lose one of the most important people in my life. You can hate me if you want, but please do not punish him. C'mon, Luisa, you have a chance to be the bigger person here! Take it!
Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster's Dictionary defines marriage as... Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, never mind! Forget it! Umm, umm, okay, uh... I met, I-I met, I met Monica when we were just a couple of six year olds and I became friends with Chandler when he was 25, although he seemed like a six year old.
Monica, I'm quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn't even buy it! I'm telling you I'm quitting! That's it! I'm talking to my boss right now! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message. Oh! Mr. Waltham, I ah really need to talk to you.
Hey, y'know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of year! Next thing you know it'll be Valentine's Day, then my birthday, then bang!-before you know it, they're lighting that damn tree again. Ohh, I want somebody! Y'know, I want a man!! I mean, it doesn't even have to be a big relationship, y'know, just like a fling would be great.
Okay look, let me paint you a little picture. All right, you are settin' sail up the Hudson! You've got the wind in your h--arms! You-you get all that peace and quiet that you've always wanted! You get back to nature! You can go fishin'! You can-ooh, you can get one of those little hats and have people call you captain, and then when you're old, Cappy.
What?! I didn't have a good time in Greece! Ross abandoned me! Okay, I couldn't get a plane out, so I had to stay in their honeymoon suite with people coming up to me all the time going, "Oh, Mrs. Geller, why are you crying?" I mean, it was sooo humiliating. I felt like such an idiot! I mean, it's all my fault! And you know why, because I make very bad decisions.
My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk about the divorce. But nooo, they got into a huge fight in the middle of the commencement address. Bishop Tutu actually had to stop and shush them. But you know what, you know what the good news is? I get to serve coffee for the next 8 hours.
Here is a book of poetry that I know Monica loves. And-and ohh God this is funny, look, this is a picture of one Halloween where she dressed up as a bride. And look, she made me carry her train, which was weird because I was Wonder Woman. Oh and here's a little purse that I found. Y'know I just thought that maybe they could hold the rings in there.
Wh-whoa! All right, okay-okay, I see, I see what's going on here! Now listen, look-look, I'm sorry if I gave you the wrong impression, but I am not some hussy who will just sleep around to get ahead! Now even though I , hey-hey-hey, even though I kissed you, that does not give you the right to demand sex from me. I do not want, this job that bad. Good day, sir.
I am still talking!! And then you chase away the one guy that I actually liked! I mean, no offense to you guys. Really! I mean congratulations on all the cash, and-and y'know--Wow! You do have very soft hair! But I would much rather go to the ball all by myself than go through anymore of this! Good-bye! Now do you use some sort of special conditioner on that hair?!
Oh, you guys are gonna have so much fun! She's at such a cute age. Oh, a couple things. Now that she's eating solid food, she poops around the clock. And watch out for your hair, 'cause she likes to grab it. And oh, she's also in this phase where if you leave the room, she screams bloody murder, but ah... Thanks, you guys. Have fun!
Oh! Look what happened! {Don't get your hopes up guys, we only get to see her from the back or from the neck up. Its times like these I wish that the networks would broadcast some nudity other than Denis Franz's butt.} Huh, check me out! I'm in my kitchen...naked! I'm picking up an orange. I'm naked! Lighting the candles, naked, and carefully.
Oh come--Of course I know that. I mean of course you never leave a baby alone! I mean who would-she wouldn't be safe as she would be with me, the baby dummy. Oh God, okay. Y'know what? I think opening the presents right now is a little overwhelming right now. So I think umm, I'm just gonna maybe open them a little bit later, but thank you all for coming. And for these beautiful gifts, and this basket is beautiful.
Well obviously I won't be able to come, for those of you who haven't checked their calendars today is my due date. Well y'know, I just want to take a moment and thank you guys for how great you've been during this time. I really couldn't have done it without you. And I have loved these last nine months! And even though I am so looking forward to the next part, I am really gonna miss being pregnant.
Yeah. So y'know, I have all of these feelings and I don't know what to do about them, because I can't date like a normal person, which is fine because I don't need a relationship, I mean all I really want is one great night. Just sex, y'know? No strings attached, no relationship, just with someone that I feel comfortable with and who knows what he's doing. For just one great night, I mean is that really so...hard...to find. So how was your day?
All right, it's okay. One little setback is okay, just don't let it happen again, all right? Now since daddy paid for all this stuff, I should take it all away. But I'm just gonna take the-the pajmena. And the uh, and the uh pants. Y'know what, I'm just gonna take it all away, 'cause that way you'll just really learn the lesson. Okay? All righty, I'm gonna run a couple of errands and I will see you at dinner.
Jill, honey, I think this is the best thing that could've ever happened to you. I mean you needed to get out on your own anyway! And you know when I did it, I-I-I at first I was scared, and look at me now! I'm the only daughter dad is proud of! Okay, well this is, this is what you're gonna do. You're gonna get a job, you're gonna get an apartment, and then I'll help you and you can stay with us. Right Pheebs, she can stay with us?
And uh, yeah, I didn't really, I didn't want to say anything, but it kinda it just, it kinda kept coming back to me, and umm, remember we were in the casino and for some reason thought it would be funny to eat a lot of grapes. And uh, and I thought it would be funnier if we got married. So as a, as a compromise we decided first to get married, and then to eat a lot of grapes. So umm, sorry I got us into this mess.
Okay! Okay wait! You listen to me! You listen to me! Since I have been waiting four women, that's four, one higher than the number of centimeters that I am dilated, have come and gone with their babies! I'm next! It's my turn! It's only fair! And if you bring in one woman and she has her baby before me I'm going to sue you! Not this hospital, I'm going to sue you! And my husband he's a lawyer!
C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I'm not saying I want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
Hi, Mindy. Hi, it-it's Rachel. Yeah, I'm fine. I-I saw Barry today. Oh, yeah, yeah he-he told me. No, no, it's okay. I hope you two are very happy, I really do. Oh, oh, and Mind, y'know, if-if everything works out, and you guys end up getting married and having kids- and everything- I just hope they have his old hairline and your old nose. Okay, I know it was a cheap shot, but I feel so much better now.
What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not-that's-that's not what it is. See, see, okay, I work in fashion, see and-and, this is a real dress actually. It's-it's, they're-they're wearing it in Milan, so part of my job is too wear the clothes, and then I see how people respond, and then I report back to my superiors at Bloomingdale's, so... And obviously in uh, in-in this case, I am going to report back, "USA not ready."
Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju- Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway...look, look, I know that some girl is going to be incredibly lucky to become Mrs. Barry Finkel, but it isn't me, it's not me. And not that I have any idea who me is right now, but you just have to give me a chance too...
I'm funny? Oh thank God! Well hey, I've got a ton of these! Umm, oh hear-Do you want a good one? Here's a good one. Umm, you uh, you take a quarter, take a quarter and, and you blacken the edge. Right? And then you say to person, I bet you can't roll this quarter from your forehead to your chin without it leaving your face. And then when they do it, they're left with a big black pencil line right down the center of their face.
Phoebe, I'm going to Ross's wedding because he is my ex-boyfriend and that would be really uncomfortable. Not because, I'm still in love with him! I mean, hey, y'know, I like Ross as much as the next guy, y'know? Clearly I have feelings for him, but feelings don't mean love! I mean, I still have loving feelings for Ross. Yeah! But, I have, I have continuing feelings of love, but that doesn't mean that-that I'm still in love with him. Y'know? I-I have sexual feelings for him, but I do love him-Ohh! Oh my God! Oh my-why didn't you tell me?!!
Oh my God! I can not believe that! I mean I don't really like it when Ross goes out with anyone, but my sister isn't that like incest or something?! Oh my God, and they're gonna have sex! Oh! Oh no what if he marries her too?! Oh this is just terrible, this is just terrible. And I can't stop it! I can't-I don't own Ross! Y'know? And Jill, she should be able to do whatever it is that she wants to do! And oh my God, I can't believe Ross is marrying my little sister, this terrible. Oh my God, this is just the worst thing that could have ever happened to me.
Ya, know what Barr, I'm not gonna leave. I probably should, but I'm not, see 'cause I promised myself that I would make it through at least *one* of your weddings . See now, tonight, all I really wanted was to make it though this evening with a little bit of grace and dignity. Well , I guess we can all agree that's not gonna happen. There's nothing really left to say except.... "Her name was Lola. She was a showgirl. With yellow feathers , feathers in her hair, and a dress cut down to there. She would..."
No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? Are people eating my dip?
You know what, I'm gonna do that, I'm gonna call him up, and I'm gonna ask him out. I can do that. Ask him out. How you doin'? Hi! Joshua? It's Rachel Green from Bloomingdale's. Yeah, umm, I was wondering if you umm, if you umm, left your wallet at the store today? Well, we found a wallet, and we- the license? Well, that is a good idea! Uh, well, let's see here this says this license belongs to a uh, uh, belongs to a mister uh, Pheebs, and umm, yeah, so sorry to bother you at home. I'll see you tomorrow. Bye. You've done that a thousand times?
It's just this thing. Every year we would go out on my dad's boat and watch the fireworks. Mom always hated it because the ocean air made her hair all big. My sister Jill would be throwing up over the side and my dad would be upset becasue nobody was helping and then when we did help he would scream at us for doing it wrong. But then when the fireworks started, everybody just shut up, you know, and it'd get really cold, and we would all just sort of smush under this one blanket. It never occured to anybody to bring another one. And now it's just...
Mom, would you relax. That was 10 blocks from here and, the, the woman was walking alone at night, I would never do that. Mom, c'mon, stop worrying. This is a safe street, this is a safe building, there's nothing OH MY GOOOD, oh my God, oh I gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go. OK, that's fine, you just read the paper, I'm gonna get a pot, it's not for you. OK, that's fine, read the Family Circus, enjoy the gentle comedy. Aaahh, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, aaaaahh. It's open you guys.
Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, see, there's Raven. We hate her. We're glad she's dying. Okay- Wh- wh- Marcel, are you playing with Monica's shoes? You know you're not supposed to pl- whoah. Marcel, did you poo in the shoe? Marcel, bad monkey! Oh! Oh! Sorry, Barry. Little engagement gift. I'm sure you didn't register for that. Who died? Who died? Roll him over! Oh, c'mon, roll him over! Oh...! Well, we know it wasn't Dexter, right Marcel? Because- Marcel? Marc-
Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.
Okay... aahhh... Please laugh for mommy... Please? Please laugh for mommy... Not funny huh? Oh so, is it... only offensive novelty rap? Or maybe just, you know, rap in general? 'Cause mommy can rap... My name is mommy and I'm here to say / that all the babies are... Oh, I can't rap... Allright sweetheart... This is only because I love you so much, and I know that you're not gonna tell anybody... I like... big butts and I cannot lie... / You other brothers can't deny... / when a girl walks in with an itty bitty waist and a round thing in your face... Yes! Yes! Yes! YES! Oohhhhh! Oh! I like big butts and I cannot lie... / You other brothers can't deny... Oh Emma you're laughing! Oh you are, you really do like big butts, don't you. Oh you beautiful little weirdo...
Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah, who did, who did not umm, yell at you and storm out, and I think that's a big mistake and here's why. I made a huge fool of myself and I came back, that shows courage. When I thought you wanted sex in exchange for this job, I said no. That shows integrity. And, I was not afraid to stand up for myself and that shows courage. Okay umm, now I know I already said courage, but y'know you gotta have courage. And umm, and finally when I thought you were making sexual advances in the workplace, I said no and I was not litigious. {By the way, litigious means to want to litigate and litigate is to make a lawsuit against. So she didn't want to sue him. Don't worry, I had to look it up too.} So there you go, you got, you got courage, you got integrity, you got courage again, and not litigious. Look Mr...
