Hey, does anybody want to get some lunch? All those in favor say I?
Anyway... seriously, uh...just...just talk to the guy, okay? And tell me how it goes.
Still I could tell. She was into me. Well, why don't you set us up?
Oh-oh, wait, my mother is gonna be here any minute. And she has the keys.
Okay, I know what I have to do. I've got to go Red Ross. Y'know, Red Ross!
Phoebe, you can't get out of this! Okay? You have to learn how to ride a bike!
What? A-ohh! Ohh. Oh that's right that's right. That's Richard's favorite place too.
Y'know if we ever go to war and you're captured, you're in for a big surprise.
Okay, okay... How exactly is a two month old supposed to appreciate puppets?
Uh, don't you think that would be a little weird? I mean, two guys in a romantic inn...
Yeah! And! And, it was the easiest 400 bucks I've ever made.
I'm having... I'm having a baby. I'm having a... Where's the phone? The phone?
God, that was, that was amazing, that was incredible. You guys, you guys kicked butt.
Oh, darnit, we're all out of milk. Hey Chandler, would you fill me up here?
You're drunk! Mom and dad are gonna be maaaaadd! Maybe I'm a little drunk.
Actually she's a paleontology doctoral candidate, specializing in the centazoic era.
Hey Pheebs, what 'cha reading? Pheebs? Hello? Phoebe? Phoe-Phoebe! Come on!
Okay, okay, okay, I've got two cabs and no people. Go! Go! Go!
Yeah. So um, I-I heard about this ah, Mark guy that ah, Rachel met today.
Tell my son that I love him. Excellent! Well, okay, I gotta have some more fun!
"... Sarah. I dig you", Uh? "Doctor Ross Geller".
I'd lead with that. Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra .
It would really help when I'm kissing you if you didn't shout out my sister's name.
Uh, before we do uh, are any of Joey's special romance magazines in there?
Okay! Okay! Okay. I'm sorry. Please, please, you were in Western Europe and?
Anyway. That's when our Mom said we were not to play football ever again.
Oh thanks. Although it kinda seemed like you were falling asleep there a little.
Should we all expect Christmas gifts that can be stolen from your office?
Well, I'm gonna go see her. I want to bring her something, what do you think she'll like?
Ah, well, it means that I can sell cookies, but I'm not invited to sleep-overs.
What? Rach! Come on, that's terrible! They're...uh...they're babies. They're-they're all beautiful.
She says as time goes on, he's gonna start getting agressive and violent.
Okay the sleeping thing. Very tricky business, but there is something you can do.
That's, that's, that's a big candy bar. I had the most amazing time with you.
Oh yeah! Batch 17 was good. I did not like batch 16. I'm okay.
-she, of course, she- uh- familiar with our.. special situation?
Oh. Oh, that's right. So-so you did see me that day because it seemed like you didn't.
No no, about a month ago she gave her number to some guy in a bar.
Well I told you it was Chandler who was smoking the pot but it was me. I'm sorry.
Through the magic of sight! I was here, putting our child to sleep...
Because, I'm finally getting him excited about Hanukkah, and, and you're-you're wrecking it.
Thanks for the coffee, or bedankt voor de koffie, Gunter.
It's old, it's definitely old. Didn't you hear the, the double beep?
Ah, it's good. It's going good. I mean, we get along great. She's, she's so...
Well, that just leaves the big Green poker machine, who owes fifteen...
Hey, what took you guys so long? Your cab left when ours did!
OK. Here goes. For a while now, I've been wanting to, um....
Okay, stay calm. Nothing is going to happen to you, you are not in that much trouble.
Oh, on a date. Yeah, I met this girl on the train going to a museum upstate.
Oh hey! Hey uh, you remember the necklace I gave you last year? Can I see it?
No! No sir umm, she means a lot to me. I mean, I care-I-I love Rachel.
No, I arranged that... Joey: Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun.
Fine, y'know what, that's it. From now on, Joey, I want you to be my best man.
It went great! And I didn't need any jokes or naked chicks either!
How can I not get this? I'm a college professor; I got 1450 on my S.A.T.s.
Hey hold on, hold on. How much for the uh, how much to save the bird?
Yeah, it's, it's, it's cute. Why, why, why does he have it, again?
Monica, uh Dad called this morning and ah, Aunt Silvia passed away.
I don't know what to do. What am I gonna do? I mean, this, this is like a complete nightmare.
Listen, Roland Chang, if things go well, I'm gonna be out with her all night.
So what're you saying here? I should shave again, pick up some wine, what?
Oh my God! Those weren't albino kids, that was computer camp! Rach!
Ah! Well uh-uh, t-take it downstairs, y'know give it a test ride.
Well that depends ... have you been a baaad gi .. no I can't.
Wh-What are you talking about? It wasn't a girl. It was this huge dude.
I'm giving this lecture on erosion theories tomorrow night, I think you should come.
Mona? What are-hi! What are you doing here? I'm, um, supposed to pick you up!
Well, I guess I'm gonna call the beer company and try to find out where he is.
Hey! So what's the big news you had us rush all the way over here for?
Ehh, I don't, I don't think so. She's already talked about y'know, dating other guys.
You know, I might have expected this of you Phoebe, but Ryan, you're a military man.
Oh, I don't know, they seem to have a shared interest in each other's tonsils...
Hey-hey you came! Man you look incredible! Hot stuff! Hot stuff?
Yes, I suppose I am a dog. But Issac, see I-I happen to have a girlfriend.
It used to be. Now she doesn't really have a face. Smokin' body though.
Well look-look I'm not calling anybody! Okay? It was like a million years ago!
You can see the moonlight bouncing off her head! What the hell were you thinking?!!
Y'know, it's interesting! Most people think that's made with seawater, when in fact-
Good, so everybody's here. Everybody's good. So, were you gonna play something, Phoebe?
So don't, I don't see why we have to go to this thing anyway, it's your ex-fiancee's wedding.
You have a blue tie that would go with this? Emma spit up on mine.
Y'know what? The doctor will be in soon, why don't we not speak until then.
Well I...I haven't actually told her yet. I don't want to scare her off, y'know?
That's great! Are you happy now? Look what you did with your funny, funny form!
Yeah, yeah man don't do it. I mean if you date her, then-then-then I can't date her.
Marcel! Marcel! Marcel, no! Good boy. See, how can nobody want him?
Um, that is because my doctor says that I have a very serious.... nuget.... diffency.
Umm say, I-I opened this earlier but let me give you guys some privacy.
Oh, you could just go uh, "greatest of ease... BAH-bah-bha-bhannn." Then go right into it.
Yeah, she never misses these conferences! No, I just saw Dr. Kenneth Schwartz!
Linda Clickclocken. So what uh, what-what table are you at? Oh, uh me too.
Yeah, yeah I mean, you get your money and you learn a little something, what's wrong with that?
Oh you guys, I-I really think just one of us should go out there so she's not overwhelmed...
Good, good, good. So, is uh, was your moustache, did, used to be different?
There's nothing you can say. That was the most humiliating thing that ever happened to me.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8
No! Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah! You can have this back when the five pages are done! Ahh!
Rach, you don't have to call whenever you have a little question, okay? Trust me, I know this.
Hello? No she can't come to the phone right now. Oh, right no problem. Okay, bye-bye.
You don't have a valid driver's license-Okay that is it! Pull over right now!
Oh, actually I haven't even been home yet. Do you mind if I check my messages?
So tell me something. What does the phrase 'no date pact' mean to you?
No! The guy is mean. I mean really mean. I think you should stay away from him.
Yeah, but not very well, unless 14-across, 'Gershwin musical' actually is bitemebitemebitemebiteme.
I think you would have to clean a whole lot of apartments to go all the way to India.
Sorry! Sorry! Oh, there! Hey Gary, who am I? Phone home!
But having a dove place the ring on your finger would've been no problem?
I've gotta go, there's a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard!
We're shushing... because... we're trying to hear something. Listen. Don't you hear that?
Yeah, most of it it's a place packed with confused angry baseball fans!
Hey! Okay! I got my passport, fresh socks, and a snake bite kit!
I'm telling you, this looks exactly like your wedding! Aren't these the same flowers?
Oh yeah? Have you ever dated anyone who has been divorced three times?
I think you made it clear you cannot be trusted with the ball inside the house!
Hey-hey have you ever locked yourself in a TV cabinet VD boy?!
Yeah, well you never have the time. I mean, I don't feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore, Rachel.
Look Ben, it's a toy that protects U.S. oil interests overseas!
But I don't know it. What I do know is that you owe $2300 at Isn't it Chromantic.
And tell them what? The naked guy we stare at all the time isn't moving.
Oh... Well, uhm, there was actually a rather lively discussion about the Pleistocene.
My son? Pretty serious. Oh hey Katie! What uh, what are you doing here?
Soon he'll be able to call you, that lady he knew who got fired.
A psychic AND a wishbone? Guys! Give someone else a chance!
Yeah, sure, why not? In fact, if you know anyone that would be good for me...
Right, they are scary. Ahh, she just ate a treat out of my hand!!!
Look, would you guys grow up? That is the most natural beautiful thing in the world.
Wooooooo, hehehe. Hey, ahh, you don't feel like you're gonna throw up, do ya?
Sure. By the way, there's a difference between being obsessive and. . .
Oh, mom. Mom. Chandler hates Thanksgiving and doesn't eat any Thanksgiving food.
Y'know, I think they have those at that British pub near the trade center.
I like it, and Emily likes it, and that's what counts. So uh, how are you guys doing?
I know, I wasn't finished. But don't worry! We're gonna go down the fire escape!!
Oh-ho, whoa! Sorry, Tommy. I almost spilled this hot coffee on you.
Who-who wants fair? Y'know, I just want things back. Y'know, the way they were.
Fine, fine. We'll have fun, won't we? Yes, we will, yes we will.
Wow Monica! Hey, just so you know I had my uh, older brother chat with Chandler.
Hey, y'know what? This is your fault! You're the one that didn't move his-his appointment.
I-I heard about Mrs. Verhoeven passing away and I'm so sorry for your loss.
I-I-I don't care if I said some other girl's name you prissy, old twit!
O-okay, Rach calm-calm down, okay? She-she's really upset we're just talking.
Why... I... I don't know. Uhm... errrr... maybe... maybe because of my father?
You know, if I didn't already have a job, I think, I would have been really good in advertising.
Oh come on, we just had this huge fight, all right, don't I have to wait a while?
Even if the sidecar had a windscreen so your hair wouldn't get messed up?
Yeah well if, if, if Mark said that, than Mark's an idiot.
Uh well umm...we're just not in that place, y'know? But we're very excited about this.
The wheel has not been my friend tonight Joey. Uh, I'll take another question.
I am good. Okay! Okay! Uh, I got the pillow! I got the bag! You got the keys?
Well, I'm gonna go get ready, for my date tonight, so ah, I'll just_ head.
Joshua...guy at that club, dancing and having a good time, the thought of it kinda...y'know.
Good! A verbal contract is binding in the state of New York!
Can we please focus here, a naked man's life hangs in the balance!
Hey! Look who's back! It's the birthday girl! How's the birthday girl feeling?
Hi. I'm uh, I'm Ross. I don't, I don't believe we've met. I'm Monica's older brother.
Uh, everyone, this is Chandler! My roommate and lead singer of our band!
No, it's okay. Some-some kid asked me to pick it up for him, but I don't...
Look you're my wife. We're-we're married. Y'know? I-I love you. I-I really miss you.
What, he gave you his home number? As in like, to, to his home?
And I'm fine never having heard it... Rach, can I... can I see you for a sec?
Yeah, yeah, everybody's here. Hey, everybody, say hi to Julie in New Mexico.
You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
Exactly, it'll be illegal for him to drink at his own bachelor party.
Really? I've been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don't, don't you think we can work on this?
Oh, hey you guys! This is Charlie! Charlie, this is Phoebe and my sister, Monica.
So, uh, this guy, she used to go out with, is, uh... is he a good guy?
Oh umm, well uh, maybe-maybe later. Right now, I'm about to dance with this lady.
It doesnt matter. You dont dip your pen in the company ink.
Ugh, easy for you to say, you already know what your kids names are going to be.
Yeah-No-but-but-but-but! We're just gonna go home and take a shower. Now, that's not scary right?
Anyway, if she, if she wasn't in to me, why-why would she ask me out again?
No, it wasn't. You don't think I would've defended myself against a fourteen year-old.
Well I'm jumping! I have a son! Okay? He won't have a father if-if I die!
Yeah, no, you're right, I know, you're right, I'm not, I'm not gonna do it. All right, thanks guys.
Nono, me neither. Although, uh, y'know, back in college, Susan Sallidor did.
He-he was with me umm, we're playing a little game, y'know? Hide and seek.
Yeah, laugh all you want but in ten minutes we're gonna have younger looking skin!
Eh, either way I'll pass. I still can't eat those. What's so funny?!
You're great. And I-I know someday this will happen for you too. You just hang in there.
Monica, Monica, you could come in straddling him, they still wouldn't believe it. We're here.
She is not... She's gay. Oh my God. She is so gay! I can't believe this.
Well good, okay. I-I, kind of think y'know if we...if You're wearing the ring.
Freaked out? Hey no, I'm not freaked out! I'm indignant! As a consumer!
The first time! No seriously, imagine if Carol hadn't realized she was a lesbian.
Come on, you-you can't tell me you actually believe that-that there's a woman inside that cat!
That's right, he's not Drake, he's Hans Remore, Drake's evil twin.
Of course! Uh yeah, she and I would talk all the time in-in the laundry room.
Listen. Oh hey, hey, the important thing was that she meant, she meant nothing to me!
Okay, maybe it wasn't my best decision. But I just couldn't face another failed marriage.
And shame on you! You should know better, Joey needs to work. Now come on!
Four percent. Okay. I tip more than that when there's a bug in my food.
Hello, Susan. Good shake. Good shake. So, uh, we're just waiting for...?
Okay, Fonzy gives you two thumbs up, collect two cool points. Yeah.
Sandy... Hi, we uhm... we kinda need to talk. I'm afraid it's not working out.
Yeah, they print jokes, interviews, hard-hitting journalism. It's not just about the pictures.
Yeah! We'd meet, we'd meet total strangers, and hang out with them!
OK, ahem, hey, does anybody know a good place if you're not dating a puma?
Well, well I am married. Even though I haven't spoken to my wife since the wedding.
Chandler Muriel Bing. Boy, your parents never gave you a chance did they?
Here she comes. Don't say a word, okay? Just be cool, don't be...y'know you.
So, guys, am I crazy, or does Phoebe's mom remind anyone of a cat?
That's right, Ryder. Wynona Ryder for six. Thank you. Yeah, we have the reservations.
Great! I'm across the street having sex with her right now. Your story sucks!
well then I didn't need to bother you or the four other Mike Hanagens I bothered.
I was barefoot. Now tell me, the toilet thing is the only thing you taught him right?
You see what men do! Don't tell me men are not nice! This is men!!
Y'know what? Maybe, Mrs. Green, it's not absolutely vital that you live with us.
Actually it's the movie theatre that has the time schedule. So you don't miss the beginning.
So they ah, they all took off, it was pretty hard watching them go, y'know?
Yeah, why is it staring at me? I think it knows I'm talking about it. Don't-don't you-Wh-Wha-Hey!!
Go ahead, go ahead with the bird. Ok, do you have anything for around 200?
Rach you did not leave the water running. Please, just pull yourself together, okay?
All right, I gotta take off. I'm picking up Ben then we're off to the big audition.
I'm not freaking out, I'm just saying, if somebody had come to me with the idea andndash;
Oh, oh, we did say we'd stop by this little thing Joey's roommate is having.
Right, so that's a firm "no". I cannot believe this, I just keep striking out.
I don't think that your monologue from Star Wars is gonna help me right now, Joe!
Well, I'm sure they're still somewhere here in the hotel. I'll-I'll help you look for them.
Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh this is it. Oh my god it's baby time. Baby time.
Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like you guys are having a great time together.
My nana used to do it. That's how she paid for all my dance-karate lessons.
Y'know what? It sounds so weird to say this but, I just had a great day with Janice!
Well, y'know, monogamy can be a, uh, tricky concept. I mean, anthropologically speaking-
He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego!
Look, I don't have to answer your questions! Okay? I'm a big boy, I can do whatever I want!
Newly appointed head lunch chef who is also in charge of purchasing--
I mean you're not gonna give me a-a ticket for driving too slow are ya?
Uh, so this play umm, what do you think? It's-it's gotten great reviews! Y'know the uh...
Yeah... I guess. I don'tI don't know. Alright, just... just give her this for me, OK?
Umm, I don't some Italian guy. Come on, read your own label. See you later.
Believe me, it seems like less because they hid it from us for so long.
Hello! Can I get you anything? Huh? Lens cleaner? Your battery okay? Rachel!
This screen is amazing, I mean Dick Van Dyke is practically life-size.
Well, Kathy gets half-naked and simulates sex with a real good lookin' guy.
I like this one. It seems to say, "I love you and that's why I have to kill you."
I just Bamboozled Chandler! Which is not uh sexual thing. That was a quick shower.
No, God no! That is no place for a woman. Those guys will grab anything.
You know, that Steffi Graf has quite a tush. I'm just saying, it's right there.
It-it-The point is my natural charisma has made him fail his midterm.
No! Come on let's-One more time! One final push! Ready? 1...2...3!
Okay, we'll be right in. So ah, did your boss try to slap you again today?
Umm, I'm sorry Judy, I couldn't find that bowl that you and Jack were looking for.
Oh! Man I don't think I've seen you since uh, Lance Davis' graduation party.
Okay. Wow, it's-it's 5:30 in the morning. So, I'd better get cracking on this baby.
No, no, wait, ok, ok, look at the other side. Look at Julie's column.
Yeah, well it came to about $112, but what the hell, just call it an even 110?
Well that stinks. I was looking forward to us wearing our celebrity tuxes together.
What?! Are you insane? This woman stole from you. She stole. She's a stealer.
Monica's right. We're talking about getting married here. Okay? She-she can't just rush into this.
Excellent! Excellent, now-now do you want another question or a Wicked Wango card?
Hey, y'know while we're on that, when are you gonna tell my sister that you don't live here anymore.
Excuse me, I don't mean to be a jerk, but the baby with the rash came in after me.
Pheebs, if you don't tell him, soon he's gonna be married, and then you're gonna hate yourself.
At least I know she's not going out with me to get into R rated movies.
Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my skull. Well, not mine, but...Susan: Come in.
You're right. That's very different. So let's, let's just sign the papers. All right? What?
Okay! Okay! Ooh-hey-hey-hey! Okay! Okay! Okay! I'll-I'll tell her tonight I can't see her anymore.
Ooh. What is the name of Chandler's father's Las Vegas all-male burlesque?
Your Mom, your telling me, your telling me, about your Mom, what is the matter with you?
Susan wanted a Chunky. We're having a baby, ok, a baby, you don't stop for Chunkys.
Actually, Billy Tratt is gay now. So-so that one's not really our fault.
...and then, we could've gone from the ceremony to the reception with you in the sidecar!
Oh, you uh, you wanna hear a freaky coincidence? Guess who's doing laundry there too?
Hey where-where are the pictures that creepy pretzel vendor took of us together?
Y'know what? Actually I'm kinda glad they're leaving 'cause uh, I need to talk to you about something.
So honey, this morning was fun, huh? Me hopping in on you in the shower there.
Plus tip, divided by six. Ok, everyone owes 28 bucks.
Of course I was mad! I told you I-I hate this stuff! Okay? It-it's not funny!
I know where Joey would be. He would be down in the foxhole protecting all of us.
OK, what's the longest you've been in the relationship before ha, have, having the sex?
What-what are you doing?! Are you-Okay that's not funny! Just stop horsing around!
Oh, wait! Wait! Don't you have an audition today? Yeah! Maybe you'll get that job!
Do you have a minute? I'd like to talk to you about something I'm, I'm really uncomfortable talking about.
So honey this uh, this threesome thing umm, I mean how-how are you gonna start to find...
Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just settle it after the wedding.
Ok, and then you take the poopie diaper and you put it in the poopie diaper pail.
Yeah, uhm... I mean, Rachel and I, think you are great... with Emma... uhm... We just feel...
I'm Ross Geller. Wha, I'm, God in your add you said you were pretty but wow.
Oh, great. Great. There was a projectile, uh, throwing up incident, but he started it.
Okay! Ho-ho! We did not steal your thunder because we are not getting back together!
The uh, the baby that hasn't been born yet? Wouldn't that mean you're... crazy?
...can't, can't a guy send a barbershop quartet to his girlfriend's office anymorrrrre!!
Um-hmm. I have a condition, apparently, that I require two different sets of focals.
Oh when you beeped me I was on line at the concession stand at the movie theater.
Well, I do, so let's... So, Ben, you uh, you know what holiday is coming up, don't ya?
Oh yeah! So ah, kinda pretty, pretty good. He sounds like a nice, good guy.
Apparently, Sting's son made fun of the fact that Ben's moms are lesbinims.
I bet if I talk to Carol and Susan I can convince them to move to London with Ben.
Ah, the heart of every healthy relationship. Honesty, respect, and sex with celebrities.
I can't believe this. Not even my geology lab partner? And I carried that guy!
It's actually kinda interesting to find out what people are doing... remember Andrea Rich?
Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
Hold on a second, alright? Just think about what you went through the last time you quit.
The gas is odorless, but they add the smell so you know when there's a leak.
Now, I know you wanted to bond with my dad, but did you really have to bond to that part?
No. So, um, let's see your pretty close, huh. Make-up's on, hair's done.
I know. I know. But, can we please try it again? Huh? I mean, you were so close Phoebe!
Wow! Kind of uh, kind of a full house here. I'll guess just...I'll come back.
I'll do it. Hey, whatever you need me to do, I'm your man. Whoa-oh-whoa! Are you, are you okay?
Then don't. Stay here. Just don't go so soon to London, just one more day.
Oh no, you-you don't understand. Ugh, this is so silly. Umm, this is all because of a sandwich.
Well, aren't you forgetin' something? What, what, what is uh, what is that guy's name? Dad!
Okay, now just remember everything I taught you and you'll be fine. Okay? Here we go. Ready...Set...
Yeah. Tell ya what, let's not invite any of the anthropologists, only the dinosaur dudes!
Uh-huh. Hey, here you go buddy. Sorry, no porn for you. Okay, let's go see Monica!
Yeah, yeah. Y'know, now that you kicked the sign, hey! I don't miss Marcel any more!
C'mon, you'll make a day of it! You'll rent a boat, pack a lunch...
Well, we won't wanna raise kids in the city so we'll probably move to uh, Scarsdale.
Okay look, I had a lot of water before I went to bed. Can we do this after...
Shut up! It was nice. I just... I don't think I'm the dirty-talking kind of guy, you know?
Okay, now hold on. Joey, why, why can't you just wear the underwear you're wearing now?
Y'know how-how the nurse said that-that Nana had passed? Well, she's not, quite..
No... No... No. I think I should stay, I think we should both know whats going on.
Well, I am going to, uh... get a beverage. It was nice, nice... uh... meeting you.
Dr. Gettleman? Yeah I know, I don't think that's a good idea. In fact, I think he's dead.
I know, I know I really like you too. But we-we can't date. It's against the rules. It's forbidden.
All right Emily, as much as I love you, I'm sorry, I can't move to London without Ben.
Not at all! I love this guy. Hey, I was so psyched to hear you're back with my sister!
Yeah and he didn't really ask for you, he asked for Chancy, I assumed he meant you.
I'm really gonna miss this apartment. Y'know, Ben-Ben took his first steps right over there.
Well I, close your eyes, I just think you're gonna like this a little better, 'cause, close-close...
You should've seen the look on her face. I don't want Rachel to hate me! I don't know what to do.
Look, you can't do this Mon. All right, if you do this, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm, I'm gonna.....
Oh-oh, Rach! I was just messin' around! Like you did last night when I had to pee?
I play squash...! Anyway, uhm... I uhm... I always get the feeling he thought I was too sensitive.
You see this, this is a person who is ready to go. Phoebe you, oh, you are my star.
I'm just saying if you can't eat by yourself, how do you expect to have a baby by yourself?
I didn't know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn't finish the whole letter!
Wha? No no! Ah! All gone! So good! Maybe Chandler has some left.
Yes. Yes. Don't worry. Everything's fine. We'll uh, we'll see you tomorrow at the wedding.
But hey, it's not just me, I mean the scientists and the tour guides never sit together.
Wow! I'm honored! And y'know what I'm gonna do as my first act as your best friend?
I love you too! I'm, I'm gonna call you right now from the phone booth! You can't hear me.
Okay! Okay! Okay! It's okay. It's okay. Hey, it's too weird for you, I won't see her again.
What's all this about you guys fighting?! Is this really over a room?! I mean, that is so silly!
Sweetie, it's be gonna okay, all right. It's a wedding, generally people focus on the bride.
Oh, uh, can it wait a second Joey? I have to tell my parents something. No it can't? Okay.
Monica and I have a grandmother who died, you both went to her funeral, name that grandmother!
That's okay, I mean it was just two-week thing anyway, I just didn't want it to end this way, y'know?
No-no, I got the edge. I know it's not exactly ethical but I sent him a little bribe to
Oh my God. Ohh, my little sister and my best friend...shaking up. Oh, that's great. That's great.
Wow, free crab cakes. Well, that's nice. Although I was hoping to have sex tonight.
Anyway it-it kinda-it all boils down to this, the last time I talked to Emily...
Ooh, hey Ben, what if the Holiday Armadillo told you all about the Festival of Lights?
I remember the moonlight coming through the window- and her face had the most incredible glow.
Rachel, ready or not, here comes your knight in shining. . . oh no.
Yeah, it kinda grows on you. Actually, I wanted to finish talking to you about uh, spring vacation.
Look Carol umm, I was, I was thinking maybe uh, maybe we can spice things up a little.
Yes, yes it is. It's uh... Every time on the lips! Why?! Why on lips?!
Ah, must've been fairly obvious since it was the only thing left in your store.
Okay here we are Paul, Elizabeth. So I hope you guys were finding something to talk about.
Well, I don't think we are gonna have that problem, but maybe that's just because I am not emotionally unavailable!
But hey, in my defense I-I just found out condoms are like only 97% effective.
Emily? Emily! Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Emily! It's Emily everyone! Shush-shush-shhst! Hi!
What, so he was a little analytical. That's what he does, y'know? C'mon, he's not that bad.
Well, hey. You're an actor, I say you just suck it up and do it. Or you just do it.
Okay, okay, yes, it is. How about I'll, uh, catch up with you in the Ice Age.
Well, I guess I can check out those apartment listings, even though there's never anything in here.
No, it's good, it is good, it's just that- mm- doesn't she seem a little angry?
No. Rachel hooked me up with a tux! But not just any tux, Batman's tux!
I can't believe you guys are moving in together. That's, that's great! I mean...I'm happy for you guys..
Mon, speaking of which, dad says he knows someone you can call for an interview.
'I am Bea. I drink tea. Won't you dance around with....' Ohhh!
No, I get to teach one of his advanced classes! Why didn't I get head of the department?
Rachel says sharing's great and supposedly, you know, we outta be doing it. Do you wanna?
Rach. OK, forget, forget the lobsters OK. We're, let's talk, what about us?
Because I folded it up and put in my pants pocket. Do you...do you not look there?
Where's my ring? My dead grandmother's wedding ring? Where is it? Where is it?
I can't! If he realizes that I'm the one that put him to sleep, I won't get the job!
If she is where you are then uh...then my feeling weird about it shouldn't stand in the way.
I've got to say; I know I divorce a lot of women, never thought I would be divorcing you.
Sorry I'm late, I was stuck at work. There was this big dinosaur.. thing.. anyway.
Wasn't this supposed to be just a fling, huh? Shouldn't it be... flung by now?
No! No, you know what? You , the baby's fine, now squam . Yeah, story walking.
No, that, that was, I mean, as opposed to uh, the uh, ok. Is this over yet Rach?
It's no surprise that your winning, 'cause you got to pick first, so you got the better team.
That, that is funny. That is painfully funny. No, wait. Wait, yeah, that's just painful
Noo, nnnnn. What does this mean? What do you, I mean do you wanna, get back together?
Oh, oh, I'm, I'm, I'm sorry sweetie, I was just trying to ah, I'm dialing another number.
Mine stole my newspaper! It's like a crime wave!! Pheebs, you uh, you got a second.
Wait-wait, so, you get to be my best man twice and I never get to be yours at all?
Oh no. Dad! Dad! What... Oh God...everything's ruined! Dad, she's gonna be crushed!
Yeah-yeah, help me out here, when you come out of the "brain transplant," you are going to be her?
Oh My God, she-she made half a English Trifle, and half a...Sheperd's Pie!
But, Elizabeth and I are-are both adults and so I don't think there's really anything you can do about it.
I assume we're looking for an answer more sophisticated than 'to get you into bed'.
Laugh all you want but uh, she actually left me a message saying she'd like to go out again.
And so what if I like to go home, throw on some Kenny G, and take a bath!
So, uh, this guy, she used to go out with, is, uh... is he still in love with her?
Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, but then the coffee table won't be centered in the seating area.
Sending out a holiday card, together, I mean I just don't know if we're really quite there yet.
And! We should keep all the stuff uh, we told each other secret from everybody else.
I am the guy who's taking care of our baby while you're out at bars meeting guys!
Oh well that's great, so I guess this is ah, this is good bye then. Huh? Good bye.
Whoa-whoa-whoa, Knicks season opener tonight. I thought maybe you guys would come over and watch it.
No! No! It would be weird if we were still in that place, I mean are you still in that place?
No, no don't! Stop cleansing my aura! No, just leave my aura alone, okay?
Listen, Joey, I know what he did was wrong but don't you think you could at least hear the guy out?
Whoa, whoa, but then the back of the couch won't line up with he back of the carpet.
Now wait a minute, you be nice! All right? I didn't bring you here so you can ambush her.
Hi! I'm so glad you're here, but it's gonna be a while. I-I wished you'd called first.
One more time, "Hey, don't you want a washboard stomach and rock hard pecs?"
Well I checked in the uh, lost and found, I talked to the manager, no-one's turned them.
No, no, it was just our parents and 1 or 2 friends. It was a small wedding.
I think on some level, you-you sabotaged your own audition so that Ben would get the part.
That was just the pants on the couch. Umm, hey, do you, do you mind if I use your bathroom?
I don't know, but when I spoke to her, she said she had already passed the mucus plug.
Maybe. But it wouldn't hurt to have a backup, you know? Uh, Rach-Rach, what were you thinking?
Princess Leia, was wearing this, um, gold bikini thing. It was pretty cool.
...she came and dragged me out of the labor room to ask me why I'm not with Rachel.
I don't think charging new clothes too your dad qualifies as making it on your own.
Just-just so you know I was a freshman and she was a senior. So it wasn't as bad as-as...
I know, I know, it's, it's almost... What do you say we go take a walk, just us, not them?
It was the chair again! Okay? I'm not doing it! It what-look, I don't-y'know what-eh-eh... Hi.
No!! Okay?! Why does everyone keep fixating on that? She didn't know, how should I know?
Well it's really. . . sexy. I wouldn't have thought it would be but. . . wow.
No, no, no I don't want to know, don't want to know. Ok, you know, I should probably, I should probably just go.
Hey, you guys! What do you, what do you think about making that beach trip an annual thing?
Hey, here's a question; where did you guys get the finest oak East of the Mississippi?
Tell you what, maybe one of these weekends you can borrow the car and I cou. . .
Oh. Uh, by the way, if it makes you feel any better. I happen to like 8-year-old boys.
Yeah. The doctor got the 'K' out. He also found an 'M' and an 'O'.
No, I mean it's okay, I mean, they're-they're my friends. In fact, I-I-I was married to one of them.
No, I'm sorry. Look I don't think that's what you wanna hear right now but I can't help it. I love marriage.
Look, I-I drew a sketch about how we're gonna do it. Okay Rach, that's you. That's the couch.
Oh yeah it's fine. I guess the more muscles you have the more they can spasim out of control.
Alright, now, you sure? Phoebe just threw away two jacks because they didn't look happy...
That's correct! This is an audio question, what do you do when the baby makes this sound?
Finally, factoring the profusion of new species recently discovered: Gigantosaurus, Argentinasaurus...
A big idiot. Just you have to realize is, this whole Mark thing is kinda hard for me.
Well, you can't know where I am all the time. Look, this marriage is never gonna work if you don't trust me.
I know. A double blind date, and we both get stood up. What are the chances?
Oh umm, there's also a book here by a woman named Wendy Bagina. What is that?
Did you talk about the night of five times? Do you tell people about the night of five times?
Oh great! Hey-hey Joey, do you want to check out pictures of me and Mona ice skating?
I may not know any of your flash dances but I'm no slouch on the dance floor.
Ok, Pheebs! How 'bout we'll each just pay for what we had. It's no big deal.
There's nothing the matter with me. See, I'm not completely devoid of sentiment, see I have feelings.
Well, you should've seen the guy that she used to go out with. I mean, he's like Joe Rugby.
Good morning. Hey pal, look who I brought. It's your old friend Harry Elefante.
Take from me, as the groom all you have to do is show up and try to say the right name.
Gandolf the wizard. Hello! Didn't you read Lord of the Rings in high school?
Oh great! We're going out again Saturday. But I just found she's also seeing some other guy.
Thanks. Oh! So for tomorrow, do you want to rent a car and drive down together or what?
Oh my God, she's great! I mean, we-we have so much in common and she's just cool, and funny...
Hey-hey, it's valid okay? And I'm not the only one who thinks so, Monica agrees with me.
Yeah, well, does he look upset? Does he look like he was just told to shove anything?
Is that why in junior high you were the only one that hung out with that Ukrainian kid?
Oh. Listen, have you ever been uh, you know, foolin' around with a girl and uh, she started laughin'?
Hey! That was a practical purchase! I needed that car for transportation! Okay? I-I have a child!
Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that... that's not why we bought the ticket.
Well why not?! She'll-she'll love it! It's the real thing! I got it at Pottery Barn.
No-no, we talked about it. We don't want to know. All we care about is that it's happy and healthy.
Ah, well, in here, anyone who... stands erect... So what's new? Still, uh...
I know when I'm 90 she'll be like 80 and it won't seem like such a big difference.
Rach, come on, if you think about it, it's actually kinda funny. Okay, maybe it's best not to think about it.
Okay, okay. Uh, well uh, Rachel is going to need to yell sweet nothings in his ear.
Oh but not that way. I mean...I mean I'm not in love with her. I love her like a, like a friend.
Okay. Uh, Ross and Rachel. Rachel and Ross. That's been one heck of a see-saw hasn't it?
All right! Yes!! From home to the hospital in under seven minutes! We did it!!
I am really not going. I don't get it. They already live together, why do they need to get married?
No, no way. You've got it totally the other way around my friend. John Voit was...
Uh... Oh hey, do you, uh ...do you have any, um, Cinnamon Fruit Toasties?
All right, I see what you guys are saying. I'll uh, I'll go downstairs and fill out an application.
Okay. Okay. Umm hi, this is Rachel Green. I'm Ross Geller. We-we called from the car.
Oh, sure. Whoa-whoa, what's this? The delivery charge is almost as much as the couch!
Me. Was that not clear? Hey, why don't, um, why don't I just join you both, here?
When I happened to look through the window and I see you kissing a guy you know, for what? A week?
Oohh, 23. Which is what we play to at this casino! You win 10 dollars!
How about we settle this right now! There! Now, no one's going to the game. Ha-ha-ha!
J-j-just relax, nobody yelled. Jack just was calling to make sure that you were getting better.
Ok. Here's his diaper bag, and his uh, Mr. Winky, and uh...oh, him. Hi!
Yeah, kinda. It's this woman from work. I hope that won't be too weird. Will it, Rach?
Yeah, I'm missing out on all this other stuff, too. So, Joey suggested Rachel move in with me.
Well hey! What's going on? Ooh, cool boat--Oh, no. Hey, did you, did you tell them?
It's called the Bapstein-King comet, okay? Hey! Hey! Bapstein was a very well respected astronomer!
Umm, say you're gonna be starving after all this moving. What do you say I take you to dinner tonight?
I had no idea. And that-that pillowcase thing, I thought you guys were just doing the flying nun.
You know, I think thats a great idea. It'll be like the pilgrims bringing the Indians syphilis.
Uh, what you said, about us being in a place where we could finally be happy for each other.
Okay, okay. This morning you said there was nothing so big that we couldn't work past it together...
I'm sorry. What was I supposed to do stand up and shout 'Hey, Rachel, your butt is showing!'
The flirting! Aren't you supposed to be going out with, I don't know hmm, let's say my sister?!
Okay, okay, I'll tell 'em it wasn't Chandler who got high. Now who should I say it was?
She said, "Thank you." I said, "I love you." And she said, "Thank you."
No Chandler, everything! Like stuff you like, stuff she likes, technique, stamina, girth....
This was Carol's favorite beer. She always drank it out of the can, I should have known.
Well, I'd love to! Here, you wait right here and I'll go get the projector and my notes!
Wait a minute, I-I believe I'm entitled to use my Angel Pass for a free turn?
Yeah. Look, you don't, you don't talk about like, you know, your girlfriend and the intimate stuff you, you do with her.
So, I just picked up a message from Emily, she and Susan are going to a poetry reading together!
All right! All right! Chandler entered a Vanilla Ice look-a-like contest and won!
A no sex pact huh? I actually have one of those going on with every woman in America.
N-no! Okay? We've been through this! We're not gonna get married just because she's pregnant, okay?
No, I'm genuinely sorry the Mark thing didn't work out. Look, Rach, I want only good things for you.
I got held up at Dr. Gettleman's office. There was some guy that freaked everybody out.
What? Oh my God! She-she thinks we're engaged! Why? Why? Why would she think we're engaged?!
Jill, how did you pay for all this? I thought your dad took away your credit card.
That's so Janine, you-you-you know what, do you know we're doing right now? You and I, we're interfacing.
What? No, that's illegal. I'm gonna have the labor department down her so fast they won't even...
Hey, when the music starts up again, I was thinking of maybe goind into the robot, y'know?
It's a girl! Anyway, it wou-it wouldn't matter. Okay? Because I'm a teacher and she's a student.
Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize?
Oh-oh really? Did you confuse it with your own turkey sandwich with a Moist Maker?
No, Rach, come on. Rach! Rach, no, no! She's not Rachel, she is, she is not, Ra--Rachel?
Y'know, it-it doesn't matter. The important thing is that you're here. You're my friend, and you're here. Oh!
Really?! So what would you say Pheebs? Stuff like uh, "Keep your mitts off my grub?"
Oh well, it sounds to me like your family is ready to uh, rediscover its Scottish roots.
Hey, I've been doin' it since the ninth grade, I've gotten pretty damn good at it.
You know what? I don't need a tie. I mean, it's better, open collar. You know, it's more casual.
Oh, okay, y'know what this is? This is a difference of opinion. And when that happens in a marriage...
You're not getting away this time mister! Unless you want that ass kicking we talked about!
Rach, come on, open up. Rach, come on, come on, Rach. You got to give me another chance.
Y'know what? I can easily get out of this, but there is a chance you can get very, very hurt!
I- I- I ca- I can't believe this. I mean, all I asked you to do was keep him in the apartment.
No, no, don't, don't, rub it! Don't! What gets out hummus?! What gets out hummus?!
The blond woman is my ex-wife, and the woman touching her is her... close, personal friend.
Look who I found standing outside of the Szechwan Dragon staring at a parking meter.
Look, no-no, hey, hey, don't worry about it! In nine years, she and I will be right there.
Wow, cool poster. Or should I say groovy poster? So, ahh, where were we?
And then, you try to make the best of a bad situation, so you float the idea of a threesome?
Well maybe she wouldn't have to be selfish in bed if someone else knew where everything was!
Look, check this out. Is it a coffee table, is it a panther? There's no need to decide.
Oh my God! What if, what if they get married? Then he'd be the stepfather of my child.
Okay, Phoebe just-just get-get on the bike and-Hey! I'll hold you up and-and push you. Okay?
Damn, this coffee's cold! Hey Rach, do you mind if I heat this up on your loins?
Well, okay so, I don't have it all worked out quite yet. Just don't say anything to Rachel, please?
Well, I'll-I'll be there. I mean I have to wear a costume to all my classes that day anyway so...
Honey. Honey, have you seen my Harmon Kilerbrew bat? Bob doesn't believe I have one.
I went thru this with Ben and Carol. One cup of coffee won't affect your milk.
I just wanna thank you for being there for me today. And I'm sorry I,I almost broke your hand.
That's not what this is about okay? I-I am a sports car enthusiast. I have always been into cars.
Getting married. Okay. Okay. You can, you can do that too! Just like you've done everything else!
Okay, first of all, I don't play with cheaters, and second of all, you know I had swollen glands!!
Oh, Liam. So uh, what, were you guys playing soccer or something-or should I call it football?
Listen, I'm ah, I'm sorry I've been so crazy and jealous and, it's just that I like you a lot, so...
Chandler, have you ever put on a black cocktail dress and asked me up to your hotel room?
Yeah. But, the good news is that Phoebe said that I could stay at her place for a while. So...
Huh, I don't know what to pick. Am I more thankful for my divorce or my eviction? Hmm.
Look, if I can just do what Emily wants and get her to New York, I'm sure everything will be fine.
Y'know what?! It doesn't matter! It doesn't matter what you believe! What matters is what happened!
Yes, but also Hanukkah! See, you're part Jewish, and-and Hanukkah is a Jewish holiday.
There never was a library. I mean there are libraries, its just that I ah, I never worked at one.
Listen. Um, listen. Something you should... know... um, Rachel and I... we're kind of a thing.
I'm sorry. See that's the good thing about my job. All the dinosaurs on my table are already dead.
Hey. When you guys were kids and you played Happy Days, who were you? I was always Richie.
I don't care about your dad! I care about Mona! She was there and now she's totally freaked out!
Lo que sucedio es que no le gusta la tele!
You know, I think that's a good idea-our babysitter just pounded in another Chardonnet. Bye, y'guys.
Yeah! Yeah! OK! Sure! Look! Can we...can we talk about what happened here last night?
Yes. Yes, yes I did. But-but it was, it was just a one night thing. It meant nothing.
Oh really? Did she tell you he plays the recorder, recites poetry and bakes Madeleines?
There is no way I am letting you drive this car! So why don't you just hand over the keys?
Oww!! My ankle! I really hurt my ankle! I think I twisted it when I-Ooh, a quarter!
Ow, ow, OK. Alright, alright, Mon, Mon, you've gone ultrasonic again, alright.
I'm sorry, it's just one of my last nights together before she leaves for camp-to be a counselor!
Please, help me! I have a date tonight. It has to go well okay-I'm scared for my health!
Rach, c'mon, Emma is fine. You're turning into an obsessive mother. Okay, you need to stop.
Good! Me neither! So it's not a problem. We're just two friends who happen to be roommates.
Wait a minute, are you doing that thing where you pretend it didn't go well but it really did go well?
Yeah I-I don't-I don't think I'm quite there yet, but I could say I looove spending time with you.
She says Marcel's humping thing's not a phase. Apparently he's reached sexual maturity.
11, unbelievable 11 is correct. All right, that's 4 for the guys. Ladies, you're up.
Well, we-we haven't said that to each other yet, but I guess its okay to say it to other people.
No, no, Carol. There's nothing wrong with it. I just, I just don't think breast milk is for adults.
No, you both are equally capable. Its just.. you're strongest when.. when you're together.
Oh, I thought it was just a kid yelling, "I'm gay! I'm gay!" Can I bring her in?
Correct. In what part of her body did Monica get a pencil stuck at age 14?
Are you sure she's in the cat, or have you been taking your grandma's glycoma medicine again?
I know I am! ...And when it's summer, and it's hot, why can't you wear a tank top?
Look Rach I-I'm sorry, okay? I...I was a stupid kid, okay? The only reason I joined...
I know, I know. Everybody, there's someone I'd like you to meet. Yeah. This is Ben. Ben, this is everybody.
Okay, we could still make dinner if we skipped the appetisers and asked for our check right away.
This-this is crazy! I can do this! All right, uhh, I bet I can get all 50 before dinner.
No-no-no. I don't have a son named Jordie. We all agreed, my son's name is Jamie.
You know, you know, actually it's getting better. It is. It is. Let's not go. Anyone for Thcrabble?
Scotch. Alright, I'll be back in 10 seconds with your scotch on the rocks in a glass.
The doctor says it's completely normal with all the hormones. Plus, you-you're sleep deprived.
Yeah, would you please consider moving here? I mean you were gonna move here anyway, why can't you just do that?
Oh, well, when you don't have the cards, you don't have the cards, you know. But, uh... look how happy she is.
Oh, I thought you guys had just been on like four dates, I didn't realise that had become anything, yet.
Come on! Forty-five minutes! Forty-five minutes the man talked about strappy backed dresses.
So, he's just a nice guy. You really think this Mark doesn't want anything in exchange for helping him?
Oh sure, come here! Sure you can! Uh, look come here look, it's-it's-it's, it's right there .
Come on! Come on! Here, okay-okay, you see this? This tiny thing that looks like a peanut?
Yeah Pheebs, come on, you two have completely different styles. Y'know, she's more.. y'know, and you're more
This couch, is cut in half! I would like to exchange it for one that is not cut in half!
Hey, when the snippy guy sees the routine, he'll wanna build us our own platform!
Mr. Morse I need to talk to you about your mid-term exam, I'm afraid I-I had to fail you.
Oh no-no-no, we're just two people who happen to run into each other here at the coffee house.
Well, maybe the crazy fog has lifted and she realises that life without me.... a-sucks.
Fine, she can stay at my place. By the way, what-what does Cassie even look like now.
Oh! Hello uh, Mona from her restaurant. Mona, wow what a, what a beautiful name.
When, when were you... under me? Rach. Rachel do you, I mean, were you, uh. . . What?
Oh, but I've got tickets to the Van Gogh exhibit! I've been waiting like a year for this.
Uh, I'm sorry, you don't understand, I'm, I'm, I'm a friend of his. We uh, we used to live together.
Like 'em, like 'em? Or, I'd like to get store credit for that amount like 'em?
I mean-no, it's just 'cause, it's just 'cause you and I were like a nightmare. No, but there was some good times.
Hey. Rachel, I-I-I've been wanting to tell you something for a while now and I really, I just have to get it out.
Oh my God! I love this apartment! Isn't it perfect?! I can't believe I never realized how great it is!
I'm the Holiday Armadillo, your part-Jewish friend. You sent me here to give Ben some presents. Remember?
Um.... no. See, I might've had feelings for her at one timenot any more. I justI...
They're still, they're still not coming on man and the lotion and the powder have made a paste!
No, it's not what I want either. I mean I-I can't force myself to fall in love with her again now.
Alright, that's it. I've had enough of this, alright. Gunther, these guys are trying to take our seat.
Phoebe, are you, are you mad at me, or something? 'Cause if are please, tell me what it is I did!
Well, well, they're good. It's been a while since I've seen you like this. You, you clean up good.
No. No. Nothing happened. I shut the drapes to uh, show her slides of my favorite fossils.
Uh Dad, Emma's in the nursery. I'll take you now. If you want, but I really want to talk to you.
O-ok. Just relax, Phoene, just stay calm. . Oh my god, I can't find my wallet.
No. You're just gonna have to accept the fact that you're just friends now, OK, you're not... rommmates anymore.
Look let's not make a big deal out of this! It was a one time thing. It doesn't even matter!
Her name is Celia. She's not a bug lady. She's curator of insects at the museum.
Hey lady! I don't care how much you want it! Okay?! I am not gonna to have sex with you in the bathroom!
The only thing I understand is; postponing it is not an option. This is when we're getting married.
Oh, I'm sorry, did I say "invest it"? I meant "be cool and piss it all away"
So I'm thinking about asking Rachel out tonight. Y'know maybe play her that song we wrote last week.
A hundred?! Well, I-I guess I'll take a-Mona, uh...I-I'm not sure about the whole uh, card thing.
Oh, yeah I know, I know, it's a lot of boxes, but again I really appreciate you guys letting me stay here.
Hi! Listen uhh, this cat belongs to a little girl. There are flyers all over the place.
Well then we'll-we'll see you the day after tomorrow. Mom?! Dad?! What-what...what you guys doing here?!
Hmm, a lot of this stuff is from Colonial times. Hey, what are some other time periods Rachel?
Still, you- you say Minnie, you hear Mouse. Um, how about, um.. how about Julia?
What kind of job is that for a man? A nanny? I-It's like if a woman wanted to be...
'Cause Carol's a lesbian. And, and I'm not one. And apparently it's not a mix and match situation.
Well, anyway, it was a good thing Phoebe knew the knew him, because I was about to do some serious damage!
well.. its just. its just in that case, then um. Emma would go to my parents.
I actually had a topic in mind! I'm, I'm kinda going through a dry spell, sex wise.
No! Hey, you know what? I'm sorry. I would never force you... to hire someone you were this uncomfortable with...
Well maybe it's cold in there. Or maybe I screwed up the first date I had in 9 years.
That's right! That's right! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat so the pee goes everywhere!
Ok, but you know what? I gotta say, I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly!
We were on a break!!! Okay!! We were, we were..., yeah. Where are you? I'll find you.
Does it? Does it? Yeah, I wanted to give that whole 'Does it?' part just another glance.
Of course it is. Yeah, come on in. Ooh-ooh, go by the window you can pretend to be surfing.
Hey, you're not going to believe this. I made up a joke and sent it in to Playboy. They printed it!
But come on! I mean living together will be great! I mean you guys have so much fun and you love Mike.
Okay, y'know what, let's just cut to the chase here. Okay? Heidi, which of my boys do you like?
No! No! I...didn't do that. It's just... Okay, honestly no. I don't, I don't see a big future with her.
I mean, I, I-I admit I-I wasn't quite there. Y'know, I mean the thought of you and that-that Josh guy...
You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
Thank you, thanks. Yeah, I lost it. Y'know, I'm not gonna play anymore, would you, can you finish my set?
Oh, is that funny?! Oh, you-you find that funny?! Well maybe Chandler should know some of your secrets too!
Uh, good news everyone, we finally found a nanny. This is Molly . Molly, Chandler, Joey.
I'm the holiday armadillo! I'm a friend of Santa's and he sent me here to wish you a Merry Christmas!
Here we go. Mona umm, I think it's time we-we had a conversation about-about where things are with us.
Yeah. Yeah, it really was. But we...we gotta be careful. We...we can't let that happen again, y'know?
I know what you mean, I've always wondered how different my life would be if-if I'd never gotten divorced.
Oh, you guys call him Cute Coffeehouse Guy, we call him Hums While He Pees.
Well, I'm just saying, I mean why else would he just, y'know, swoop in out of nowhere for no reason.
Y'know what? He didn't want to talk to us about being angry, well maybe we don't talk to him at all!
We are four short of a bush-o . God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!
Joey, come on now, for me! Please, just-just try to focus your sexual energy on someone else.
Oh yeah, yeah? Well uh, when we were going out, I read tons of porno magazines! 'Sup?
please don't cry because of me pheebs I don't know what I'm talking about, I've been divorced three times.
And if I remember correctly, Ray Ban was the official sponsor of World War I!
That's not true! Her, she doesn't even know what she wants! Rachel's still mad about the whole thing.
I do-I do not have a boyfriend. There's a guy in one of my classes who-who has a crush on me.
I'm gonna get a new band-aid. Hey, how 'bout the time I cut the legs off your Malibu Ken?
She's fine. She doesn't know you're gone. And she doesn't have to know, okay? Now come on, we're going home.
All right, let's not jump to any conclusions. All right? There was some sexual chemistry between them.
All right, we have a tie. Luckily, I have prepared for such an event. The Lightning Round!
Yeah, I need uh... I'm just-I don't know-I don't understand, umm, how this happened? We-we used a condom.
Uhh, hey look, I don't really enjoy being with other men that way. But, um, zoo dollars?
I'm not gonna tell you what they spent on that wedding... but forty thousand dollars is a lot of money!
Look I-I realize if anything were to happen with me and Jill then nothing could ever happen with us!
Well, yeah. I can't-I can't stay here all night, and if I go in there she's-she's gonna wanna... do stuff.
Look at him. I'm not saying he has to spend the whole evening with me, but at least check in.
... in a very real way we can bring the Mesozoic era into the 21st century. Thank you!
Marcel, stop humping the lamp! Stop humping! Now Marcel, come back- come here, Marcel-
Kristen, hi. Are you uh, new to the area, 'cause if you are...I'd love to show you around sometime.
Look, if she's talking to it, I just think that I should get some belly time too. Not that I believe any of this.
Pity food? Y'know what that's okay, all right, I don't need any of you to stay, okay nobody stays.
So, I'm guessing you had an extra ticket and couldn't decide which one of you got to bring a date?
Hey! Has anyone seen my shirt? It's a button down, like a, like a faded salmon?
Yeah in fact, I'm gonna go call her right now. And I'll make sure to tell her my friend Chandler says...
So, I got us some reservations for Sunday night, okay? How about, Ernie's at 9 o'clock?
Yeah, we're not just doing a card! Y'know, she-she also wants to have the conversation about where the relationship is going.
Ok, I'll be home right after work. Ok, by Emma-Wemma-Demma, I love you - wovyou dovyou ...
Ohhhhh yeah, that's, that's funny. Why ah, why isn't he goofing around in his own office?
Oh, better, actually. Y'know I-I-I think I finally figured out why we were having so much trouble lately.
Oh, mine! Mine! Mine! Okay, here goes. Prepare yourselves for some Class A flirting.
Oh my god. I never thought I'd see this again. It's all here. What made you save it all these years?
Well, if he's angry, he really shouldn't just cover it up. I-I wish he would just tell me the truth.
Yeah! I know! It was. Oh... the only sad thing is I wasn't around when it happened for the first time.
Rachel one brunch is not gonna solve anything. You gotta face it, okay we're never gonna get along.
Yep! I'd like to thank you guys for coming down here to complain about the rain and ruin my career!
OK, got the music, got the dinner. Oh and check it out, I made Marcel's favorite dish, banannacake.
Ohh! Ohh! In college, Chandler got drunk and slept with the lady who cleaned our dorm!
I thought you were my best friend, this is my sister! My best friend and my sister! I-I cannot believe this!
Oh nothing. Nothing! Just uh, you've been a little short with me lately. I'm not trying to irritate you.
Y'know what, I don't know how comfortable I am going to see how hot the sex is between some guy and your girlfriend.
Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out.
Oh, but he will. He still tells the story how Monica tried to escape from fat camp.
Uh-huh! Uh-huh! And-and-and I'll always remember that summer because that's when I realized that we are related.
What? What?! You were begging me to kiss you! You-you-you were sending me signals all over the place!
Well, I-I better get to class Are there any more of your friends I should look out for on my way, Phoebe?
Man, look at all those stars! Infinite space. It really, really makes you wonder, doesn't it?
Ahem... I want.... OK, I want to... feel your... hot, soft skin with my lips.
I don't know, God, I... well, it's not like she's a regular mom, y'know? She's, she's sexy, she's...
A ferry? My baby is going on a ferry? Do you have any idea how dangerous those are?!
Oh yeah? Well, I'm rubber, you're glue, whatever can't do it. Listen, uh- gimme back my puck.
Well uh, you see that, that little cluster of stars next to the big one? That is Ursa Major.
Hey, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.
Come on, man! Just-just take the sweats off. Okay? Just take 'em off and we'll have some fun.
No wait, look. Look! I'm sorry, it's just I've never even met Howard. I-I mean I don't know Howard.
No, four minutes ago you had a half hour, we have to be out the door at twenty to eight.
Well, I'm sorry, but ah, look if you're not working with him anymore, why do you have to still do stuff with him?
Did you see the look that girl just gave me? Huh? She must've seen me cruising in the bad boy.
Yeah, right! What was last time he met a submission deadline for an abstract Well, why are you laughing?
Come on out, honey! I'm telling you look good! Tell her she looks good, tell her she looks good.
Look, I really need some help, okay? Why? Why did I have to speak in a British accent?! What do I do?
What?! The guys against the girls? See, that's ridiculous Monica, because I'm only down by three touchdowns.
So are you sure about this whole moving in thing?! I mean it's a really big step! And-and what's the rush?!
He won't? He won't! Because, isn't that, isn't that the, the short story you were writing?
...nauseous, I'm physically nauseous. What am I supposed to do, huh? Call immigration? I could call immigration!
Hey, hello! mmwa! I brought all the books, and Monica sends her love, along with this lasagna.
Marc- oh, this is ridiculous! We've been all over the neighbourhood. He's gone, he's-he's just gone.
Let me finish, okay? She started kissing me and-and I didn't stop it. I guess I-I just wasn't thinking...
Honey, just relax, it's gonna be fine. Hey, umm,. why don't I come down there and I'll take you out to lunch?
Oh, it's not so bad. Monica's gonna make potpourri! I think I'm gonna go wander out in the rain for a while.
Hey, hey, woah, you want some of this, huh? You want a piece of this, huh? I'm standin here, huh.
Oh, thanks. Yeah, I really thought we'd be able to make it work, but uh, I guess it just wasn't meant to be.
Okay, Andr should be there in like 45 minutes. All rightie, bye bye. Just easier that way.
... And you called him Alby!? I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby...
Just the one divorce in '99! Y'know what, I am gonna be happy this year. I am gonna make myself happy.
Okay let's put aside that you "accidentally" picked up my grandmothers ring and you "accidentally" proposed to Rachel.
Uh, Pheebs, while we're hovering around the subject. I just have to say dinosaurs, they-they don't go, rrroof!
Or! Or, we could go to the bank, close our accounts and cut them off at the source.
No, hey-hey, come on, Ben, Santa is not mad at you, okay? Hey, you're-you're his favorite little guy!
Come on! Like I wanted him to tell you, I ran all over the place trying to make sure that didn't happen!
A new place for a new Ross. I'm gonna have you and all the guys from work over once it's y'know, furnished.
Wait a minute, is it because Joey and I didn't invite him to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago?
Oh, come on it's only three blocks! And-and, it's not very heavy, try it! Come on! Come on!
No! I talked to Joey on the set, he hasn't heard from him. I-I-I talked to Chandler's parents again!
Oh c'mon! When we were kids, yours was the only Raggedy Ann doll that wasn't raggedy!
It's a good thing I didn't do it, because it sounds like it would've been a very expensive wedding. Okay, good night.
Look. Look, I wasn't going to say anything to you, but... All right, I don't think you should be seeing Tommy anymore.
So, Phoebs owes $7.50, Monica, you owe $10, and Rachel, you owe fifteen big ones.
No, actually I thought about it when, when we were going out. It's how I imagined I uh, I would ask you to marry me.
Well, we-we said we'd just do it that one time but, but now I think she may wanna start things up again.
Look Rachel, I wanted to tell you, I thought I should, I-I did, and then Chandler and Joey convinced me not to.
Just one uh, one additional relationship thought. Probably something your already familiar with, uh, women talk!
"Hey Ross, it's you!" Oh yeah, no that's-that's an old message, nobody needs to hear that.
Oh, hey hey hey, ho ho ho, hello, guy who doesn't want to know, standing right here!
Okay, I've got to go pick up Ben but I-I will figure something out. Hey, didn't he used to have a cat?
Okay. You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
No I-I-I would love to be around for you and the baby. And we-we can just try it like on a temporary basis.
No no, this big pile of dishes in my mom's breakfront. Do you guys know who Carl is?
OK, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.
No I left the diapers at the hospital! There's some in the bag but I'll run out and get some more.
Yeah, I uh, totally forgot about that. You mind if I take a rain check? I'm waiting for a call from Emily.
I mean, you just went out with my best friend, and I just think it'd be a really really bad idea. Or-or not!
I think when someone steals your credit card, they've kind of already thrown caution to the wind.
Excuse me. Hi, I'm a professor here. Do you know the Paleontology section, fifth floor, stack 437?
Okay, I have nothing in an evening shoe in the burgundy. I can show you something in a silver that may work.
Ok, fine, but I don't want them bonding to much. I don't want her telling Emma she needs a nose job.
Hey uh, well, today's my first lecture and I kinda wanted to try it out on you guys, do you, do you mind?
I don't know. It's going to be weird not having a job for a while, but I, I definitely don't care about my sandwich.
Oh y'know, I still-I can't believe it. Joey and Rachel I mean it's... It's like you and me going out, only weirder!
No! I made it seem like I was just calling to chat. Pretty sure, they both think I'm interested in them.
Hey Pheebs, you know I'm i'm really glad you came to talk to me the other day and I hope I was a little helpful.
Gunther! Gunther. Gunther, please tell me you didn't say anything to Rachel about me and the girl from the Xerox place.
Hey, Rach, you know what? I think, I think I know what'll make you feel better. How 'bout you make a list about me.
Wha--? Whoa, hey, I don't want my birthday to be the source of any kind of negative--there's gonna be a hoopla?
Well, can't you at least stall her a little? I'll-I'll go back to some of the places I went last night.
Huh, what's fish hooking... Thanks man, that would have been really hard to describe. What is that taste?
This is great. Rachel's gonna keep kissing guys until she finds the one she wants and I'm gonna die alone.
You are such a tattletale! Mom, Dad, you remember that-that time you walked in my room and smelled marijuana?
HEY, SHE'S FAST!! OKAY?!! Oh! You-you think you can be beat me? Let's go! Outside!!
Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you guys are here. I've been dying to tell someone what happened in the Paleontology department today.
Okay, well, that... Wow, okay, well, umm...then maybe, at least we can, we can talk about us again.
Well remember that paper I had published last year on sediment flow rate, huh? They loved it.
The carbon, it's messy, I mean it gets on your fingers and causes, the, the ah, night blindness.
So what, Joey? Wh-wh-what? What are you telling me? That there's nothing we can do? Well, how could this happen?!
No, no you don't understand the animal hospital is way across town he's choking I don't know what else to do.
Noo! No, not cuddlily, not me, just her. I'm like you, I need the room. Okay, come here. Okay, you're in bed...
I am so over Janine. I mean, yeah, at first I thought she was hot, but now she's like OLD NEWS!
I don't know, she seemed to think it was such a crazy idea! Um, plus, she, uh, she got me taffy!
How 'bout from now on we just call it the 'unfortunate incident'? Hey Gunther, you got stairs in your place?
That's true, thanks dad. People should be dancing! Huh? Hey, this is a party! Come on! Joey, dance!!
Because I am bored...Out of my mind. I've already been to the bank, post office, and the dry cleaners.
Oh, Monica, I figured I'd come by tomorrow morning and pick up Fluffy's old cat toy, OK?
Oh, no, it's no big deal, I mean, if I weren't doing this I'd just, you know, be at the gym working out.
Yes, professor Feesen-sen-stenlger... I'll be with you in one moment. So, I will take one box of the Thin Mints.
Hey, whatever it is, I am sure it has happened to me. Y'know, actually once-once I got dumped during sex.
Uh, lunch chef, purchasing, own little desk when Roland's not there. Here's to my little sister--
No! But we-we didn't have...sex-uh, did we? I mean, I don't remember much about last night, it was such a blur.
Wow, couples who live together do start to look alike. So, Mondler...uh, what uh, what 'cha doin?
Everyday I am gonna do one thing that I haven't done before. That my friends is my New Year's resolution.
...So I think Alan will become the yardstick against which all future boyfriends will be measured.
It's just, my part seemed to be over pretty quickly and then, and then there was a lot of waiting around.
Nah ah! Nah ah! No no no! No ad-libbing and dude, you can't touch the paintings.
Not just a key, I gave her the only key! I am now a homeless person in a very serious relationship.
So when I came in here to see if you wanted to maybe start things up again, you were engaged to my best friend.
Okay, Joey, you know what? You have to go for it. How often does this happen to you, huh? You owe it to yourself.
Yeah but uh... Okay, okay look you guys know that Rachel and I slept together, but there's something else. Rachel's pregnant.
It wasn't so much a party as...a gathering of people, with food, and music, and, and the band.
Respectfully, professor R. Geller. , closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the sofa) Hey!
Ahh, sorry, nothing you can do about it. It's one of my ah, rights as the ex-boyfriend. Oop, oh yeah!
Yeah. Op! Uh-oh! I think your Dad must've added wrong. He only tipped like four percent.
Really? No. I mean, nah, I haven't played in so long, and-and, well it's-it's really personal stuff, y'know?
I would, but I bruise like a peach. Besides, y...you know, everything is gonna be fine. The baby's sleeping.
But I-I was going to see if y'know, maybe you uh, start dating again but that-I mean that-that was all, Rach.
All right, it's time for the story of Hanukkah. Years and years ago, there were these people called the Maccabees.
...and these come in the shapes of your favourite Christmas characters, Santa, Rudolph, and Baby Jesus.
Well with Carol, I promised never to love another woman until the day I die. She made no such promise.
: Could you take it to Carol's every now and then, and show it to Ben, just so he doesn't forget me?
Yeah, well excuse me for wanting to be with my girlfriend on our anniversary, boy what an ass am I.
It's I just know they're gonna be a couple of windbags wearing tweed jackets with suede elbow patches.
Okay. I can, I can see that. Umm, but I think if you give me umm, one chance I can, I can change your mind.
Aww, Pheeb, come on isn't there any relative that would have the recipe? What about, what about your sister?
Uh, Rachel, I've been thinking. I don't think us getting together tonight is such a good idea. I'm calling it off.
Why?! Are there like bears or something?! Ohh. Oh, protection. Yeah-no, yeah-no, that-that-that I forgot.
No! No! I want to talk now! Okay? I-In fact, I am going to talk to the president of the condom company!
That-that-that's all right, no honey, you take your time sweetie. I'll be right out here. She's just fixing her makeup.
Gunther. Hey-hey! Why don't we put them on? Y'know get a picture of Batman and James Bond together.
No, Susans gonna be there too. Weve got dads, weve got lesbians, the whole parenting team.
Well, why don't you just start with something simple. Like umm, Monica from the moment I met you, I knew I loved you.
Yeah, c'mon I mean I though, you know, I thought we're just foolin' around. Like when, uh, when we were kids.
Well I'm sorry, I think about stuff. Ya know, I mean, you're at work, you're assembling bones, your mind wanders.
That does make sense. Because I do wanna seize some opportunity, but I-I really don't wanna see or talk to her.
And I can even understand that you couldn't tell Rachel, but why couldn't you tell me, huh? You had all day to and you didn't.
Oh, Emily that is, that is so great. It's gonna be so great! We're gonna be like-like-like two idiots in love!
Alright, alright, maybe it'll take my mind off it. Do you promise to buy me a big thumb finger?
Well, I tell you what. Why don't we uh, why don't we just stay here? Let's not see a movie, we'll just hang.
That may be the most depressing thing I've heard in my life. I should probably get these to my lawyer's office.
The Armadillo was actually not so thrilled about that part! Okay Ben, it's time to light the Hanukkah candles!
Come on sweetie! You've had to work late every night for the past two weeks, what is it this time?
Eww! No!! Her ear! All right, Monica categorizes her towels. How many categories are there?
Nope. I mean, I know Susan does every year, but I think I wanna take this year to teach him all about Hanukkah.
Joey's asking if you've just ruined the first book he's ever loved that didn't star Jack Nicholson?
Fun? Where was the fun? Tell me specifically, which part was the fun part? Where's my puck?
Wow, Monica's letting other people help decorate her tree! Did someone get her drunk again or?
So uh, Rach? Does it, does it feel weird around here now? Y'know since I've been away at college.
Yeah, it does sound interesting, I mean, to listen to a woman complain for two hours, I don't think it gets bett...
Why, why, why can't you stand me being here? I don't, I, we're just, ya know, we're just havin' fun.
We don't. But I thought it would be nice to get to know him. You know, maybe have a little dinner, drinks, conversation.
The most amazing thing happened tonight. I thought my number was up. I had an actual near death experience!
Oh hey, don't thank me, thank yourself. You're the one who faced her fears and ultimately overcame them.
You- uh- y'know what, I'm gonna go. I don't- I don't think I can be involved in this particular thing right now.
Wow, I haven't seen her for like forever. I wonder if she still carries that Barbie everywhere she goes.
Oh, but-but it is, uh, it's just like the first Thanksgiving, when the Indians and the Pilgrims uh, sat down to dinner.
Than I want mine, too ! And if I win I'm gonna put it all into a very low-yield bond.
No, no. I mean, it mighta been at first, but by now I, I think I'm pretty comfortable with the whole situation.
Alright, we'll just, uh, see when you get here. Bye. Huh, that was my mom, she's stuck in terrible traffic.
Look, I don't wanna make any trouble, okay, but I'm in a lot of pain here, alright? My face is dented.
Look, it's just did, did you ever go to a party and think, "Would really anyone miss me if I weren't here?"
Hi! Yeah! Tommy's in line for the bathroom and someone just cut in front of him, I think he's gonna snap.
Uh-hmm, yeah-yeah do you like it? Do-do you looove it? I just want you to know that I'm changing your grade back.
Oh what?! Is she gonna cancel on me again?! How can she do this? Doesn't she know it's our anniversary?
You are not putting that on again! Marcel, OKif you press that button, you are in very, very big trouble.
What?! That-that's all the way cross town, I'm supposed to teach a graduate seminar there in ten minutes.
Well, I uh, I can't seem to find the monkey I donated last year. He's a capuchan, answers to the name Marcel.
Okay, and oh I'm gonna need a bunch of extra keys. Apparently I give them away for no reason at all.
Rain? Hi. Hi, my name is Rain. I have my own kiln, and my dress is made out of wheat.
Goodnight sweetheart! I love you. And remember, you're daddy's little girl... Phoebe's totally ruined that for me...
Hi! I'm sorry, but can you give me a second while I talk to this woman, who by the way did not spend the night.
Okay, if you'll excuse me, I-I'm gonna go hang out with some people who don't know the Space Mountain story.
Yeah. Uh, uh we promised we weren't gonna tell anybody this but uh, about a month ago Rachel and I slept together.
Hey! Yeah-yeah, we're just having dinner. Uh, yeah, sure uh hold on. She wants to say hi. Hold on.
Well we did it, we're here. We are standing our ground. How long does a cup of coffee take?
Oh God, thank you! Umm, uh, Mr. Stevens I'd like you to meet my friends uh, this is Phoebe, Monica, and Chandler.
Yeah, I mean... I think when it's your shot, y'know, you-you know it's your shot. Did it... feel like your shot..?
Well, I think it's perfect. Y'know, it's just gonna be the two of us, she spent all day taking care of my monkey...
Come on, I think this is a good thing. I don't think Mom would've hired you if she didn't think you were good at what you do.
We'll each tell you how we came up with the joke and then you decide which one of us is telling the truth-me.
Uh uh... well, her Internet Company went under and she lost an ear in a boating accident...
This is fun. Hey Rach, remember that whole "We were on a break thing?" Well, I'm sorry, will you marry me?
There's my boy! Here's my boy! And here's his Barbi What's ah, what's my boy doing with a Barbi?
I'm-I'm not kidding. Look I-I, I can't have three failed marriages. I can't. Okay? I-I am not gonna be that guy!
Ok!... All right, thanks! Thank you so much, you guys! Oh, I can't tell you how much it means to me that you were here!
Ok, ok, ok, ok, here goes. You know, I, you know, can't do this. Uh, this is too weird. I feel stupid.
La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la! Okay, okay, yeah, I would have been devastated but, I would still want to be with you. Because it's, I mean it's you.
I dropped him off at Carol's. Anyway, it turns out that I'm not going to be able to get those tickets though.
Thank you. C'mon, Marcel, whaddya say you and I do a little mingling? Alright, I'll, uh... catch up with you later.
You're never gonna believe it uh, Monica and Chandler are moving in again. That's great news right-I mean for them. Right?
Yeeeeeep... Yep-yep-yep-yep-yep. I remember when she took out on her dad's boat she wouldn't let me help at all.
'Kay, wait a minute, are you sure she didn't say "When are you gonna grow up and realise I am your mom?"
What? No! No! I am not gonna hide it from Phoebe-Ooh, although I did get some great Pottery Barn sheets!
Well, this was fun. Uh, we should really do it again sometime, wha'dya say? Ok. Alright so I've got him.
No, Rach, no. I don't, I don't, I don't have to think about it, in fact, I've decided, I've decided that, that it.......does.
Yes, it was horrible. She cried. I cried. She threw things, they hit me. Anyway, I did the right thing.
Get him! GET HIM! Get him! Get- YESSS! Not laughing now, are ya pal!
You tell, of course you do. Issac. Issac. Hey, Issac. Issac, hi! Y'know we haven't actually met...
Oh, that's right! Daddy and uncle Joey are going on a trip today. We're going to a conference in Barbados, right?
I got some, uh, hers and hers towels for Susan and Carol. And, uh, I got this blouse for mom.
But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
Hey, I think Elizabeth is a little more serious than, "Spring break!" All right? I mean she's taken my class!
Hey, at least you have a wife! I-I keep getting divorces and knockin' people up! And I'm dressed as doody.
All right here. Watch me execute the three 'P's of championship play. Power. Precision. and penache.
Look, I know what you're going through. When I turned 50 I got the Porsche. You... you got your own little speedster.
Thanks Aunt Pheebs. Hey, you didn't microwave that, did you, because it's breast milk, and you're not supposed to do that.
Look, what do you want me to do? Do you want me to call everyone in the entire school and tell them it wasn't true?!
Yeah, hey I-I have clothes, I even pick them out. I mean for, for all you know I could be a fashion..... monger.
Alright, alright, here's the chance. Monica give him cash, Rachel give him your earrings. Something, now, anything.
Oh! Oh-oh, the band's ready! Well, I-I-we gotta do what the band says-I don't care about the stupid band!!
Well, and how about this? There is an anthropologist at school who totally came on to me during the inter-departmentalPotluck dinner.
Are you sure? Because I can stay out as late as you want. I told you how I'm on sabbatical from work, right?
OK! Last night after the party I saw Rachel kissing that jerk from her office out on your balcony.
Yeah see? And you are so excited about moving in together before, and you know what? You should be. It's a big deal!
Hey, both you guys should be up there with me. I mean, you two are-are my... I mean, I'm lucky to have just one good...
Yeah? Not to you, because you know this stuff. I don't know any of it and I'm the father. I wish I'd be more involved y'know.
Hey Pheebs, maybe this whole heart attack thing is a sign, that-that you should start think about getting a different job.
Yeah, he-he's right, he's right. This is your time y'know, yeah, you're young, you're-you're weird, chicks dig that.
Let me see, I gotta see, I gotta see. Oh, a head. Oh, it's, it's huge. Carol, how are you doing this?
Uh actually, there-there was also that exchange student from Thailand but I-I don't think he-he knew what it was.
Rachel and I are bringing Emma to Ralph Lauren today to introduce her to everyone. Doesn't she look cute?
Little louder, okay, I think there's a man on the twelfth floor in a coma that didn't quite hear you...
Yeah. Look if-if she's gonna end up with somebody else, the truth is she couldn't find a better guy. So...
No-no-no, it's just a bit sudden. No, it's great. Okay? I'm totally on board. I love you too, all righty. Bye.
Oh great now you're seeking me out to make jokes? I mean I can see for all hanging out but to come to my home!
Phoebe! I can't believe you gave them money! I thought you agreed it was totally unreasonable that they asked me for that money!
Why no, it's the opposite of weird. It's-it's uh, regular. It's-it's uh, it's mundane. It's actually uh, a little dull.
Oh, I'm sorry you've been Bamboozled! You're gonna be a terrible mother! I've lost sight of why we're doing this!
Look I've already looked at like a thousand apartments this month and none of them even compares to that one!
Thanks, Dad, really, I ju... you know, I just, I just needed to know, um... when did you start to feel like a father?
And the reason I'm doing this is because I am Joey's friend. And if you were a good friend, you'd be doing the same thing.
That's right! He was hitting on her, and I got her. I guess the better man won. Please don't take her from me.
Then, uh, then we got dressed, and I-I... I walked her to the- -the bus stop... I'm fine.
Okay when you're playing a machine and it hasn't paid out, a lurker waits for you to give up and then...
Yeah, oh and Sarah... I'd like to introduce you to my colleague, uh, Professor Wheeler, a-and this is Joey Tribbiani.
I found a note on my door, "Come to Monica's quick, bring champagne and a Three Musketeers bar."
Oh. Yeah. Uh Chandler let me win. No, Chandler's really strong. Oh my arm is so sore. Oh nurse!
Hey, you wanna get something to eat or uh, do you wanna see how long we can throw this ball back and forth? Huh?
Um. I know it says black tie optional, but, um this may be pushing it a little, um.
...and the miracle was that that little bit of oil that should've just lasted just one day, burned for...
Y'see, that's where you're wrong. Why would I marry her if I thought on any level thatthat she was a lesbian?
Okay. Ben? Come here. All right, I'm gonna leave you here with Aunt Rachel for about an hour. Okay? Are you gonna be okay?
Fine! Y'know what? It doesn't matter, because, if I remember correctly, there is a comb on the floor of the bathroom.
My wife had a workout friend she went to the gym with everyday for a year. She didn't get any fitter.
All right, all right, it's just that you left a red sock in with all your whites, and now, everything's kinda pink.
Uh, do you wanna go change first? The doctor's keeping the office open late for us, but if you hurry...
No. No. No, I'm-I'm glad you did. Look, if nothing else, it's-it's always great when someone tells you they love you.
And that should conclusively prove that I had the idea for Jurassic Park first! Now let's take a look at...
Of course not, it smells like wine, which you spilled! And thanks for wrecking my sheet by the way.
And then, like three days in a row he got to the newspaper before I did, and peed all over the crossword.
Yeah, just a little in high school, but then I really got into it in college. I mean that's-that's when I really found my sound.
Oh, I just thought we could go out to dinner, and then maybe bring her back to my place and I'd introduce her to my monkey.
Huh. Well, good luck to Dad. Say, how many more boxes would you have to sell in order to win?
Bye Marcel. See ya on the big screen. You keep people drinkin' that beer, OK. I miss you buddy.
I picked up the divorce papers. Uh, I've already signed everything and I put little 'X's where you need to sign.
Wait! Wait! Wait! Y'know what? Just stay. Please? It uh... It would really mean a lot to me if you stayed.
Can you please not do that feet first? You know where his injury is! Severed toe, you just said it!
Hey, y'know what and if you're looking for a place? I just heard in the elevator this morning that a woman in my building died.
Hey! I just spoke to your dad, and you know what? He seems to think we'll be able to find a new place for the wedding.
Well, that's because you're such a sweet, gentle, uh...Do you, uh, do you...Oh, hey, uh you must need detergent.
Poor baby, you're so tired. Rach, I didn't propose to you, Joey didn't propose to you, and Chandler didn't propose to you.
No. Your mother really did the work. I was busy with the business. I wasn't around that much. Is that what this is about?
oh, too late, too late! It's sent... oops sorry and so is the picture of you and the police man...
Yeah, which, which we have to leave for in exactly twelve minutes. All right, come on, I'll just pick something out for you.
So, what do you want to do tonight? There's a Ukrainian film at the Angelica that's supposed to be very powerful. Interested?
Monica had such a crush on him. Yeah, she used to kiss his poster every night before she went to bed.
Oh great! That means I'm stuck with, "So, we were watching you in there and you were sittin' right here! Whoa!"
Well, y'know, these people are pros. They know what they're doing, they take their time, they get the job done.
ALL RIGHT!! Phoebe now come on! Will you please tell me what it is I did that mad you so mad at me!
This is helping your career?! Huh? I thought you wanted to be an actor not the creator of crazy lawsuit game!
Oh wow! I mean, wow! I mean, I-I-I think she's cute but I-I would never have thought of going out with her, never!
Uh...sure I do, and I also wanna be King of my own country and find out what happened to Amelia Earhart.
Okay, that's right, yes, but on Hanukkah, uh, we sing, uh Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay.
Hey, y'know if you want to pick up some extra cash? Some friends of mine made good money doing telemarketing.
Come on Pheebs, it's not that bad! Y'know most people would be excited if they didn't have to work for a couple of weeks.
Jen, I know this may sound a little... But uh, would you maybe wanna grab a cup of coffee sometime, or...
That's funny, that, no, because, uh, our parents actually did, uh, send our dog off to live on a farm.
Yeah. Yeah, oh you loved that thing. You always had it with you. You never went anywhere without-without that coloring book.
Oh, they'll like me. Once they come to my awesome PAR-TAY! Okay, I gotta run. I gotta go get some nametags.
Yeah, see Mon, listen, listen. When Carol and I broke up, I went through the same thing. And you know what I did?
I'm taking my time, alright? I'm laying the groundwork. Yeah. I mean, every day I get just a little bit closer to...
This room! This night! That waiter! His shoes! I must take a mental picture! Ooh sorry...
No, please, please, um, it's for a poor little girl who wants to go to Spacecamp more than anything in the world.
Okay, I got us a court date for tomorrow at 2:00 and I picked up all the forms. I'll take care of everything.
I know. I know. I mean, one day, he's this little thing, and before you know it, he's this little thing I can't get off my leg.
Laugh it up, but the joke's on you. Because we don't need to get divorced, okay? We we're just gonna get an annulment.
I... just feel that the... the chemistry isn't right. I'm sorry. We're... we're more than happy to give you good recommendation...
Okay? But-but imagine a lot more lights, okay? And-and y'know fewer bricks, and-and-and flowers, and candles...
Hey! I did not dump Rachel! Nor are we still together. Can I just... Why don't we just let the machine get that?
Oh, I am sorry, did you not like her, because I was hoping that we could come to one of your kissing parties onthe balcony.
Eh, her-her uncle already had planned on doing it. And y'know, we-we said our good-byes this morning, so...
All right, y'know what? If you are not going to learn how to ride this bike then I'm sorry, I'm just gonna have to take it back.
Every week, the TV Guide comes to Chandler and Joey's apartment. What name appears on the address label?
Well uh, I-I'm a paleontologist. Umm, I-I live in New York. I have a son Ben. Uh, hi Ben! And uh...
Yeah well, he's not gonna get this one. Ben is way cuter than that kid. I mean look at him, look at you,
All right then. Rachel Green! Let's play Bamboozled! How do you test the temperature of the baby's bath water?
And; people thinking it's huge has led Monica to believe that we are stealing her thunder. Which we are not!
I don't know, I told her it was stupid to put off the wedding just because the hall was gone and she liked flipped out.
Well, I was going to stick it in the ATM, but now I think I'll show the sexy teller that I am a published writer.
But-but, if you don't love this, we'll do it in any other place at any other time. Really, it's fine, whatever you want.
Okay, I have a problem I have to go into work for a few hours, some kids messed up the Homo Sapien display.
Okay, how about you flew to London to stop my wedding! Ah, how about you told me you loved me after I was already married!
no, no, no there's nothing wrong with you I mean you don't strike me as the type of person that wants to get married anyway.
Yes I-I am. In fact umm hey, why don't we try it my special way? You can dance on my feet.
So when she came in, I got distracted and totally forgot about the camera. It kept rolling and recorded everything.
Well, actually it's been great. She's 20 so she's not looking for anything too serious, which is perfect for me right now.
Anytime anything comes close to touching her eye or anyone else's she like freaks out. Watch! Watch!
Yeah. Ya know, a boy and a girl. Hopefully the girl will come first so Ben here won't feel too competitive.
Alright, you madcap gal. Try to imagine this. The phone bill arrives, but you don't pay it right away.
Y'know what I didn't wear this suit for a year because you hated it. Well, guess what? You're not my girlfriend anymore so...
I told her I'd have to think about it. I mean, how the hell am I supposed to make this kind of a decision? I'm actually asking you!
Something could've happened. All right? She-she really dug my slides. And-and she was definitely giving me the vibe.
Listen, I-I need a favor. Umm, I was in the shower, and as I was cleansing myself, I ah, I-I, well I felt something.
We live together. You're having our baby. I'm not gonna see anybody else. Are you-are you sure you don't want something more?
Well, they painted over the word 'Sapien' for one thing, then they rearranged the figures, let's just leave it at that.
Rach, I promise first thing tomorrow we'll find another doctor, but I gotta get up early and I'm not feeling all that well.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. Sorry. Sorry! Hey! Hey! I got my s's back! Which we can celebrate later. Celebrate.
Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis embargo?
That's funny. Yeah. Y'know you're the funniest man here in a pink bunny costume his wife made him wear.
Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.
Oh, it's-it's Marcel. He keeps shutting me out, y'know? He's walking around all the time dragging his hands...
No, I can't. I would, I really would, but my son is here; I can't leave him. Isn't-you don't think there's any way?
Ooh, ooh. Because she's my ex-wife, and will probably want to bring her, ooh, ooh, lesbian life partner.
Oh man! I want that place so much!! I was so sure that was gonna work! There's twelve bucks I'll never see again!
Don't you realise none of this would've ever happened if I didn't think at that same moment you weren't having sex with Mark?
It's from France...In Europe...Western Europe. Y'know umm, a few years ago I actually was backpacking across Western Europe.
I'll help you. Yeah, I'll make up a schedule and make sure you stick to it. And plus, it'll give me something to do.
Yeah that! You know I hate practical jokes! They're mean and they're stupid and-and I don't want my son learning them!
Well, I added the 'exactly like me' part... But she said she's looking for someone, and someone is gonna be there tonight.
There're these two professors who are joining my department and I have to meet them here and show them around campus.
The data we are receiving from MRI scans and DNA testing of these fossils are - are staggering.
Okay, 'you' can't, or you can't? Okay, that's my finger. That's, that's my knee. Still doing the play. Aaah!
Okay, Phoebe, this Dr. Oberman. He has no strong feelings about Fonzie or any of the Happy Days gang.
It was no big deal. We-we...said that the rumor was...that umm...you had both...male and female reproductive parts.
How was I supposed to know we'd end up being friends after college, let alone you-you would be living with my sister?
Yeah, it's the Ultimate Fighting Combo. Yeah, I saved thirty cents, plus I get to keep the cup. Yay!!
Well you shouldn't be. Believe me I wouldn't want to be the guy who's up against you. I mean that doofus is going to lose!
Look guys, when I'm with her it's-it's-it's like she brings this-this-this great side out of me. I mean I-I-I love her, y'know?
So, you gals wanna hand over your money now? That way, we don't have to go through the formality of actually playing.
Yeah, see, I don't think it's gonna that difficult considering this one won't be taking place in the basement of a Pizza Hut.
"A donation has been made in your name to the New York City Ballet." -- How did you know?
Yeah, well you should! I mean, nude pictures of Anna Kournikova? I mean, she's never even won a major tournament!
Okay, okay. If that is what it takes to show you how much you mean to me, and how much I want you there. Then that's what I'll do.
I don't think you had an open mind about the name Ruth. I mean, come on, little Ruthie Geller, how-how cute is that?
Oh, that is so sweet. No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three. Well you didn't hang up either.
Yeah, I know. I mean, no, you're right. Yeah I guess I'll let it go. But you-you understand how-how hard it is to forget about this.
As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, until death parts us. Really, I do. Emily.
Nothing. Oh, actually, great news! I just got off the phone with Emily and it looks like I'm moving to a new apartment. Woo-hoo!
I think this will be fine. Okay, vanilla milkshake, just a vanilla milkshake, with chicken bits floating in it. Cheers.
It'll be nice to get this off finally, won't it? Yes it will. Or we can leave it on for now, that's fine.
Y'know what? She'd-she'd love this. Uh, it's an exact replica of Apollo 8. I made it in the sixth grade.
Oh sure, "Ross will do it!" It's not like he has a job, or a child, or a life of his own.
Uh, huh. Yeah, right after I thank everyone for giving money to the museum, I sing a song about the wonder that is Joey.
Aww! Chi-Chi! Oh, I loved this dog! Y'know Monica couldn't get braces because Chi-Chi needed knee surgery.
All right so, Chandler, from now on, don't give your boss a chance to get you. Y'know just ah, don't turn your back to him.
No, no, I mean, ya know, I, I read a book and there was a girl named Emily and I thought, I thought that might be good.
Come on guys, I-I really want this guy to like me. It-it would really help me out if you guys were here to make me look good.
Look, you guys, you guys should go. No, I'm, you, you planned this all out, and I don't want to ruin it, so you guys should just go.
Yeah but Pottery Barn! Y'know what I think? It's just she-she's weird. Y'know it's because she's a twin. Twins are weird.
All right, we'll start off slow. The only thing you have to do tonight is come up with the name of your main character.
Well w-w-w-w-wait, w-wait, wait, wait a minute! I mean a couple of stupid boxes get wet and she gets a Porsche?!
Elizabeth! Okay. Okay. I'm gonna go out this window. I'll meet you at the front door. Just tell them you're going home, okay?
I don't know, aheh, your's was the first name that-that popped into my head, I'm I'm sorry. I-I didn't think it would matter.
What can I say, you missed your chance. From now on the only person who's going to enjoy these bad boys is me.
That ring? When my grandmother first came to this country, that ring and the clothes on her back were all she had with her.
Only when it was damp!! I can't believe you-you told people about this?! Everybody knew?! Y'know what? I'm back in the club!
Oh oh, we think Emma is about to start talking so we're trying to be careful about what words we use in front of her.
Look, G. I. Joe's in, Barbi's out. And if you guys can't deal with it, that's your 'too bad.'
Ben, you ready? All right, gimme your foot. Ok, on three, Ben. One, two, three. Ok, That's it, Ben.
Ah, so then his plane didn't explode in a big ball of fire?... Just a dream I had- but, phew.
You wanna wander in the hall? Ooh, hey Ben, what if the Holiday Armadillo told you all about the festival of lights?
Yeah, marriage... stinks! I mean if you wanna see a man gain weight and a woman stop shaving? Get them married.
Oh right, right. So, are you . . . ah . . . you excited about your, your first night away from Emma?
of course she has. if she'd never had a serious relationship I'd go round broadcasting it like some unstoppable moron.
Hmmm. Oh, no, no, I just thinking about something funny I heard today. Umm, Mark, Mark saying 'I'll see you Saturday.'
Seriously you guys, I can't believe you're going to spend 250 dollars on the lottery, I mean that's such a bunch of boohaki.
I-I-I don't even know why I bother to talk to you guys about it. Y'know what? I'm just gonna do it on my own with no naked chicks.
Marsha, these are cave people. Okay? They have issues like 'Gee, that glacier's getting kinda close.' See?
Y'know, here's the thing. Even if I could get it together enough to- to ask a woman out,... who am I gonna ask?
Okay. Well, apparently Chandler's angry at us for not getting him a ticket to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago.
... and while there are certainly vast differences between these Mesozoic fossiles and the example of Homo erectus...
Fine! Thank you for warning me. At breakfast I'll be on full alert for room painting and sex weapons.
Yeah, uh, except for the red sock, which is still red. I'm sorry, please don't be upset, it could happen to anyone.
Remember when sometimes he'd borrow your hat, and, and when you got it back there'd be little monkey raisins in it.
Yes! No-no! I know, I know what the list is! Mom! Look if you see Chandler, could you just let him know I'm looking for him?
These aren't suede. Charlie: Excuse me, I'm looking for someone. You don't, by any chance, know a Ross Geller?
Oh see, before you uh, when you showed it to me you-you held it that way which uh, which was misleading. Well I'm... Hello.
What are you talking about? You get sixty responses just for coming out of the closet! I didn't get one response! And I'm dead!
The judge wouldn't let us get an annulment! Now we gotta get a divorce!! Did a Porsch throw up on you?
Fine, OK! Heat, heat, heat, and I'm the obsessive one. OK, this way is on, so this is. . . off.
Nothing. But the complaint department at the condom company got an earful. And then when I turned around she was gone.
Okay, okay, I'm sorry, it will never happen... Uh-oh! Wait a minute! Wait-wait, now there are a hundred of you and I'm the king.
No, I ran. It was really far, and when did people stop understanding the phrase, "Get the hell out of my way!"
I'm just thinking about your new bride at home. Okay? Do-do you really want to start your life together by letting her down?
I'm sorry man. Here's a thought. This is the same ballroom. There's a band. There's gonna be plenty of dressed up people.
Will the owner of a 1995 Buick LeSabre please see the front desk? Your car is about to be towed.
Well I'm thinking that Chandler's our friend and Janice makes him happy, so I say we just all be adult about it and accept her.
Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10!
Oh, no! No-no! No, I tired! But I couldn't. That's why I'm here. Maybe we could attack them together? That-that's a no.
I...Reorganized The Fridge. See, Bottom Shelf: Meats And Dairy. And Top Shelf expired products.
Perhaps. Now I'm curious, at what point during those girlish screams would you have begun to kick my ass?
The uh, your hair, before, your hair, you said you thought your looks like an 8-year-old's, and I'm just saying I like it. The hair.
Okay, that's it. I cannot make this decision! It is too difficult, so I'm just gonna leave it entirely to the gods of fate.
No no, no, that, that's your Christmas tip, alright. Oh, hey, do you think there's a chance you could fix that radiator now?
Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y'know no commitment.
Fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break, let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yoghurt, or something..
Oh, I've gotten into the habit of calling Rachel "Mommy" when we're around Emma. Which I now realize we are not ...
Oh, we were helping Chandler write his vows, but he kicked us out because Joey kept making inappropriate suggestions.
Okay, relax, relax. We are gonna be here for a while, it looks like, and we still have boyfriends and your career to cover.
If the place you are referring too is being in love, then she is in the same place as me because I am not in that place!
My best friend and my sister! I cannot believe this. You guys probably wanna get some hugs in too, huh? Big news!
This isn't what I ordered! Man! Can anything go right in my life?! First my marriage falls apart and then...
Carol, we've been through this before, ok? We have a good time. We laugh, we play. It's like we're father and son.
Mom, there are so many people in my life. Some of them are seeing people and some of them aren't. Is that crystal?
Oh, I uh, hope you don't mind, I kinda uh, jazzed it up a little. Check this out. We will, we will, call you back!
How great is this? You are already comfortable enough to look through my stuff. Oh, I am sorry Michelle, that'smy roommate, Rachel.
Oh, thanks, thanks. So Monica tells me that uh, you don't want to play anymore because me and y'know my talent. Is that true?
Hey Pheebs! How's that uh, vegetarian pizza working out for ya? You and those vegetables have a real thing going on, huh?
Okay, Jasmine, please, please don't. I love my girlfriend very much, and I want more than anything to just work it out with her. Okay?
Yeah, and it was uhm... it was like a real little person laugh too. It was... it was like uhm... Only... only not creepy.
That's all right, Rach, we got the bags. Hi, hello. Julie, this is my sister Monica. This is Chandler. Phoebe. Joey, what up?
Oh, Carol and I have a new system. If she punches in 911, it means she's having a baby, otherwise I just ignore it.
Look Rach if-if you want to go for a ride in the Porsche I'll be glad to take you for a quick spin around the block.
Good, good. Yeah coz the more I thought about it, the more I realised I don't think marriage is neccessarily the right path for you.
Well I have to. Okay? If I don't, they'll take the class away from me. And...I already put it in my family newsletter.
I can't believe we have to say goodbye to the house we grew up in. Man, some-some stranger's gonna be living in my room.
The sex? Um, I'm having enough trouble with the image of you and Susan together, when you throw in Tanya , yaw...
Hey Joey I have to cancel racketball for tonight, that was Marcel's trainer. He's gonna let me have him for a couple of hours.
I have been down in your store for twenty minutes trying to get a tie! What do I have to do to get some service?! Hi Rach.
No ah-ah-ah! Do not start this car! Okay! Okay! I will give you twenty bucks if you get out of this car right now!
Your joke? Well, I think 'the Hef' would disagree, which is why he sent me a check for one hundred ah-dollars.
Excuse me, is there a woman waiting at the bar? Someone average height, dark hair, perhaps doing a puzzle?
Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you.
Look, I-I know it's not a proposal and I don't know where you are, but with everything that's been going on and with Emma and...I've been feeling.
Yeah, but we-we have to be at the Four Seasons for drinks in 15 minutes and then y'know, then The Plaza for dinner.
Once Monica was sent to her room without dinner, so she ate the macaroni off a jewelry box she'd made.
Yeah, she finally stopped crying yesterday, but then she found one of Richard's cigar butts out on the terrace, so.
No, but ah, there's coconut in the Hanukkah Menoreoes. I tell you what, I'll put you down for eight boxes, one for each night.
Well, there's this, uh, paleontology conference in L.A. so I figured I'd go and then drive down to the zoo and surprise Marcel.
Pheebs come on! I mean, consider the source! Of course her ex-husband's gonna say that stuff. Now, if you'll excuse me...
Dude. Well done. You know what? If I die, and Rachel dies and Monica dies then you can totally take care of Emma.
but you, your so much better off you just go from guy to guy having fun and never worrying that it terns into anything serious.
Look, our table is down in front, okay, my boss is gonna be there, everyone will see if we arrive after it starts.
Oh, man. Oh, remember when I stuck that broom in your bike spokes, and you flipped over and hit your head on the curb?
Hey, hey, you're my baby, and I can't wait to meet you. When you come out I'll buy you a bagel, and then we'll go to the zoo.
How do you think it's gonna look when you get her something incredibly meaningful and expensive and her boyfriend Joey gives her an orange?
Oh, great! Listen, oh I had to get you a whole new battery. I got you the best one I could, 'cause that's not where you want to skimp.
Wait a minute! No! I'm the nice one! I'm the one who danced with the kids all night! How...How small are your feet?!
That-that would be incredible. Thank you so much. I-I still can't believe someone ate it!! I mean, look, I left a note and everything.
No, she likes that. Yeah. Faking sleep doesn't work either, I can't tell you how many mornings I woke up with her...
So listen ah, I picked Monica for secret Santa, but I'm already getting her something for Chanukah, I was wondering if you wanna switch.
Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was like hilarious. So I'm gonna show her how tough I really am!
Oh, come here sweetie, listen, you're gonna go on like a thousand interviews before you get a job. That's not how that was supposed to come out.
Yeah, that's okay, I mean if you guys all have to go away for the first weekend I'm alone by myself, y'know then I totally, totally understand.
Please take your time, it's an important decision. Not like, say, I know! deciding to marry someone, this is about a muffin.
Ok, sweetheart, I'll call you later tonight. Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey, hey, hey, you're not really gonna go through with this, are you?
I don't know, but I ah, I have the feeling that my being there will do it. I'll go over and I will borrow something. Juice!! I need juice!!
Eh, 'cause I knew that if I told you, you'd make me go, and I knew you needed someone to be with you tonight. Come on. Come on.
Let me ask you something, at your school was there a like uh a place on campus where students went to uh, fool around.
That's okay. She's still in there enjoying her fake party and uh, it's too late to do any of the things I had planned, so...
Come on, there are plenty of other women out thereok? Just - just forget about her, ok? Just, she's off limits.
Maybe it was both of us, but we had our best friend's interest... But we had our best friend's interest at heart.
Emily is...incredible. I mean there-there are no words to describe it, I mean the whole weekend was like a dream. Oh! And you! Rach!
Fine. Fine, but I want the record to show that I tried to take the high road, because in about five minutes I'm gonna be saying...
But work comes first! Oh hey, but that's sad about you though, what happened? Burn out? Burn all out, did ya?
Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.
Yeah, I guess we don't have a choice. Help us! Please help us! We're stuck up on the roof and we can't get down!!!
No, I'm serious. You-you need to find out where she is, because if she's not where you are, then you can start to move past this.
Oh really, really great! Yeah! A-actually she's right down the street, umm, do-do you know what? You should stop bye and say hi.
Alright, I panicked, alright? She took me by surprise. You know, but it wasn't a total loss. I mean, we ended up cuddling.
I'm telling you, this guy Rachel is with is crazy! Okay? He viscously screamed at total strangers! I think he's baaad news!
How weird is that? Y'know? You're moving in with me and have the one thing I don't have. It's like uh, in a way you-you complete me kitchen.
Oh, yeah, last week you had a wonderful, nutty, chocolatey kind of a cakey pie thing. Nothing, just, just, I'm fine.
I mean look, that-that one night we had was fun and...and certainly passionate, but don't you think it's better if we just stayed friends?
Okay. He was more embarrassed about that than anyone. Okay? And for him to have the courage to walk back in here like nothing happened...
Well look, I'm just trying to focus on the "I get to see my wife," part, all right? And not the part that makes me do this.
Well I-I-I, that kind of thing requires some serious thought. First, I'll divide my perspective canidates into catergories....
Uh, hello dad! Monica and I just saw the house in the paper! Yes we're surprised! Who did you leave a message with?
So, uh, the other night Rachel and I are in bed talking about fantasies, and I happened to describe a particular Star Wars thing....
Alright, I've gotta go. C'mon, Marcel! C'mon! We're gonna go take a bath. Yes we are, aren't we? Yes, we are.
Okay Pheebs, I know how we're going to figure this out. Okay, clear your mind and answer the first thing that comes into your head. Okay?
Well, you need something to make this day special? Hello! You-you-you have the most special thing of all! You are marrying the woman you love.
Yay! Seriously, our sex life... I was thinking, maybe I don't know, we could try some-some new things. Y'know? For fun?
Yes, but I did make a pyramid out of the bath products. This is amazing, thank you, thank you so much. That's a pretty necklace.
Celia, don't worry! Don't scream! He's not going to hurt you! Soothing tones, Celia. Soothing tones! Marcel...
No, it's for when Carol goes into labor. She can get me wherever I am. I mean, all she has to do is to dial 55-JIMBO.
No, no, really, I've got to take the car back anyway, I'm spending all day tomorrow with Ben, It's fine, no guilt I promise.
Look, I didn't lose my mind! Okay, Janice and I have a lot in common! We've-we've both been divorced. We-we both have kids.
Oh, hey y'know, they-they really overcharge you for that stuff. But who cares?! Because it's all on me! That is, one big drink!
Nothing! There's nothing to do! I mean, she lives there, I live here. I mean, she-she'd have to uh, move here. She should move here!
So I finally heard back from Aunt Sheryl and apparently it wasn't a mistake. Ahh, there's-there's limited seating in the hall.
Because It's The Highest. Situation No.1 You're with Monica, the wedding is about to start when Monica gets cold feet. Go!
No, no it's not interesting. OK, it's very, very not interesting. In fact it's actually 100 percent completely opposite of interesting.
My-my ring? My-my wedding ring? The-the stripper stole my wedding ring?! H-how?! How could this all happen?!
This year was supposed to be great! But, it's only the second day and I'm a loser with stupid leather pants that don't even fit!
Tag? Y-You're going? Uh we didn't, uh we didn't get the chance to talk. Uh, so, where did you say you're from again?
And I'm sure you're gonna make a big impression. Hi! I'm Rachel Green. It's nice to meet you. Come on, you probably have a broken rib!
Well, this is ironic. Of your last two boyfriends, Richard didn't want to have kids, and from the looks of it, now Pete can't.
Chandler!!! Chandler!!! Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw what you were doing to my sister! Now get out here!
Look-Okay, I'm just gonna-I'm gonna have to go find him and bring him back! Okay? You-you make sure Monica does not find out, okay?
You know what? Enough! Enough talking! I have to get moving! Hey check out those two blondes over there!Hey come with me!
Aw, how can you say that? I cant even get Marcel to stop eating the bath mat. How am I gonna raise a kid?
Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire.
What?! While she's been going through this hell, you've been making money?! You're betting on your friend staying in this misery?!
Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. Ross: Oh my god.
I knew you were gonna throw that in my face!! That was three years ago! She apologized and she apologized! What more do you want?!!
Right, but, it is just me and the baby, so I'm thinkin' they can take us. And so I uh, hah-hah, I just heave it down field.
Oh, mine too. Isn't that neat, scotch neat. Would you excuse me? Hey, hey, where you uh, sneakin off to mister?
Ah... Ah...Get out of here! Uh, meeting someone? Or-or are you just here to brush up on Marion's views on evolution?
Yeah. And you should hold out for something bigger. I can't tell you how much respect I have for you not going to that stupid cab driver audition.
My God, the baby's kicking. That's great. Although I...kinda wish I-I would've been there to feel the kicking for the first time y'know.
Well, y'know how I'm trying to work things out with Emily. Well, there's this one thing... Okay, here goes. I made a promise that--Oh hey!
Okay, okay, fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break, let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yogart, or something..
oh no yeah, no Phoebe is great, but umm I'm an idiot look right before you guys went out I accidentally got her all upset.
Ben, say hi to Aunt Monica. Oh, I guess he doesn't feel like talking right now. He's smiling though! Okay, talk to you later.
Y'know we should probably ask the doctor if she even knows how to deliver a baby that's half human and half pure evil!
All right, fine! Fine! Have me fired! But uh, I want you to know that you and I are not all that different. I mean, I too am a neat guy.
Oh, well this morning he got a call from who I think was our cousin Nathan, and frankly, it was a little more than I needed to know.
You don't have to do that, I'll pay for myself. But just the fact that you want me to have fun with you guys - that's so sweet! Come here.
...I'll go. Let's start with the way he kept picking at- no, I'm sorry, I can't do this, can't do this. We loved him.
Ohh, big smoker. Big big smoker. In fact I'm gonna go ou into the hallway and fire up this bad boy.
Excuse me, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here's another 50, happy Hanukkah. Will uh, will this help with the knob getting?
I was up all night writing this really nasty letter to Emily! It was perfect and now it's all covered in-in... Actually, thanks!
Y'know what I think it is? I think you've made such a nice home for her over the last nine months that she just doesn't want to leave.
No! No I can't. I mean Rachel's out with some guy. My baby went with her. If anything that picture keeps moving further away.
...And I read about these women trying to have it all, and I thank God 'Our Little Harmonica' doesn't seem to have that problem.
Well, I called over there and it turns out Ugly Naked Guy is subletting it himself and he's already had like a hundred applicants.
I wonder how I would react under fire, y'know? And not backfire but-but heavy fire, like I was in a war or something.
Oh, no-no-no, see, that-that clock's a little fast, uh, we have 17 minutes. Huh, what can we do in 17 minutes? Twice?
That's right! Made expressly for Val Kilmer and worn by him in the hit film...that Batman film he was in.
Oh no, no, no, wait, wait, Isabella. Don't, don't just dismiss this so fast. I mean this is a once in a lifetime opportunity...
Of course he is! What, do you think I'd just use my son as-as an excuse? What kind of father do you think I am?
I just wanna say good-bye to you guys and to see if you guys will place a little bet for me, huh? Twenty bucks on black 15.
Oh right. Right. Ooh, remember the time I uh, I pinned you down and tickled you 'til you cried? We're probably too old to do that now.
We got honourable mention in the brother/sister dance category! Look, it's almost fake midnight, do we really have any other choice?
And you thought she was going to be in our way! So, why don't you, uh, open the champagne, and I'll be right back. I've got a surprise for you.
Well, yeah, of-of course I'm okay! What? I'm just being supportive. Supportive of you and this whole trip, and-and what-what is uh, what's this?
Oh-oh, okay, okay! If you don't mind I'm gonna the rest of my stuff, and relax, in my favourite shirt. You have a pleasant evening.
Wh - No. Some woman who sounded a lot like Joey called earlier and asked for her daughter, the "hot nanny".
Oh absolutely! It has been in my family for generations, and every bride who has worn it has had a long and happy life.
I'm sorry. But ah, hey, oh, somebody's off the phone, how 'bout a glass of wine by the fire, I could get it going again.
'Cause there's time to make up for that. We can do stuff together. You always wanted to go to that Colonial Williamsburg. How 'bout we do that?
Well yes, yes I have. In fact umm, just the other day Kristen and I were talking about how I've been married and how I have a son.
The big deal is I don't want naked, greasy strangers in my apartment when I want to kick back with a puzzle-beer! Cold beer.
I have shown you everything we have. Unless you want your mother to spend eternity in a lemon yellow pant-suit, go with the burgundy.
So, um- so how's this, uh, how's this gonna work? Y'know, with us? Y'know, when, like, important decisions have to be made?
I'm just glad I brought that extra pair of socks, y'know? I used them as mittens, I didn't want to touch a thing in that last place.
I talked to Monica, look, I'm the one who made the choice. I'm the one who's making things change, so I should be the one to y'know, step back.
Wait a minute, the house was built on radioactive waste, and an ancient Indian burial ground? That would never happen.
30 seconds on the clock. 5 questions wins the game. The lightning round begins...now! What is Joey's favorite food?
Wh-wh-what line? The line that prompted a student in my last class of the day to say uh, "Dude, don't you ever was your face?"
What?! Look, we're trying to rebuild a relationship here, right. How am I supposed to do that here, without being totally honest with each other?
But all kidding aside, in much the same way that Homo ergaster is now thought to be a separate species from Homo erectus...
Okay, there are no stupid fights!! This isn't about the room, this is about what the room...represents! And unfortunately, this room could destroy you!!
Well yeah! Someone sent us a basket at work once and people went crazy over those little muffins. It was the best day.
Maybe this would've happened if I'd been more nurturing, or I'd paid more attention, or I... had a uterus. I can't believe this!
Yeah y'know what? Maybe-maybe you didn't mess up your audition because you suck, maybe you messed up because you care more about uh, your godson.
1987, the day after Christmas, at Sean McMahon's party. I played you one of my songs, y'know Interplanetary Courtship Ritual.
I made a man twice my size cry. I mean, I haven't done that since I was four and I washed my dad's Porsche with rocks.
Look, that has nothing to do with this, ok? She's my ex-wife. If she were marrying a guy, none of you'd expect me to be there.
Well isn't there something you can do to earn a little extra money? I mean, can't-can't you pick up, I don't know, an extra shift here?
Bec-Did you not hear me?! She's an assistant professor in the Linguistics department, okay? They're wild! Why do you want to come anyway?
Uh.. uh.. Well, Joey and I had discussed getting in an early morning racquetball game. But, um, apparently, somebody overslept.
Don't be scared, I-I know it sounds crazy and-and people will say it's too soon, but just-just think, think how great it will be.
Ooh! There's no way to do this without her? 'Cause I kinda all ready told her uh, it was, it was already taken care of.
Do you remember the scene with, um, Jabba the Hut? Well Jabba had as, as his prisoner, um, Princess Leia.
Ok, ok, you know what? I think you're very funny. Kudos on that hat joke. But, come on guy just, just give him back the hat.
Well yeah, but she doesn't know that. I mean, the last time she saw you-you would've turned one of those little wedding chairs into kindling.
Ooh, well. Ah, I kinda have got a lot on my plate right now, not that I wouldn't love a weekend in the country with a strange man.
Hey-hey, since you're the 'fix-it' lady, here's a pickle, what do you do when the bride says she doesn't want to have the wedding at all?
Yes. I mean, it's what we always planned. And if you have a plan, you should stick to it. That's why they call them plans. Hello? I'm fine.
All right, the score is nine to eight in favor of the guys. Ladies if you miss this the game is theirs, pick your category.
I'm sorry. Ugh, Pheebs, you were, you were right about her. Y'know, she did try to use sex as a weapon! Yeah, I hurt my back a little.
Yeah! Oh yeah, you'll be fine! It-it'll be uh, just like bungy jumping. Y'know? But instead of bouncing back up you-you won't.
Well, pretty incredible according to the message she left you on my machine. Hey, Chandler, why is this woman leaving a message for you on my machine?
Thanks. I know you guys like to give me a hard time and all, but it really means a lot to me that you like her. Just knowing that you guys are...
Y'know, y'know I'm lookin' and I don't think anyone's home here. I say we just break the window, crawl through, and-and y'know explain later.
Ohhh. Big boy, riding the bus--Hey, I have a question. How come it says Property of Human Services on his butt?
Hey, y'know, Mon, if things wrong out between you and Richard's son, you'd be able to tell your kids, that you slept with their grandfather.
So listen uh, I know you and I haven't really had a chance to talk since uh, Emily and I decided to get married, and uh, I was just wondering how you were.
Okay. All right. So let's see, let's play from the trash can, to the lightpost. Right. Two hand touch, we'll kick off.
Forget it. I-I-Y'know what? I'll just have the conversation. I'll just say I like things the way they are, and hope for the best. What do you think Rach?
Wait uh, listen. I-I, I have to tell you something. Umm, I've been thinking, I'm just gonna come out and say it. Okay? I-I-I ah, I-I think I love you.
Aw, we-we are so... So umm, well I-I-I like you and I-I love umm, y'know hanging out with you. And I mean-I'm having a lot of fun.
Yeah, yeah, it'll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage. See-see how I make jokes?
What, that we had a baby? Come on let's give him a little credit, although, he did eat a piece of plastic fruit earlier.
Yeah, y'know the ah, the girlfriend I told you about last night? Well it turns out she ah, she wants to get back together with me. Oh, I found it!!
A little? Your place looks like page 72 of the catalogue. Oh look at that! The ornamental bird cage! Large!
Listen, I know you wanted to talk to me, but I have an idea that may make you want to stay married. We register, and you get to keep all the presents!
Do you realise that man has cried in our apartment three times...? Huh? I haven't cried that many times since I moved in.
Marcel, Marcel, give Rossie the remote. Marcel. Marcel, you give Rossie the remote right now... Marce... you give Rossie the remote...
Oh okay, lift it straight up over your head! Straight up over your head! You can do it! You can do it! Okay. You got it?
Umm, he said he thought I was funny. So... Okay, look-look umm, let's just go downstairs, we'll have some fun, and you will forget all about it.
Oh, yeah, that would be me, um, I have, I have a problem I-I tip way too much, way, way, too much, it's a sickness really.
What? Oh yeah. I'm sorry. I mean I-I think I went a little crazy. I mean I was thinking about myself when I really-I should have been thinking about you Rach...
That's different, okay. That's like, uh 'Who dated a stripper?' or 'Who did it on the back of the Staton Island Ferry?'.
I'm telling you. I'm telling you. That's what it is. No wonder she was looking at me all funny during the wedding. She didn't say anything to you?
Wrong! Now you're single. It's actually secret option number three, you meet her at the gate. That way she knows you love her.
She's going in. Wait! He's going in! He's going in!! The door's closed! I, I can't see anything but the door closed!!
Well, I don't know, it's-it's kinda in a place that's not... It's not visually accessible to me, and I was hoping maybe you guys could-could help me out.
well Phoebe, I think you'll feel better when you know a little bit about Vicrum, His a Kite designer and he used to date Oprah.
Oh yeah! You're-hey, you're right! Here's an affordable place, two bedroom, close to work, ooh, it's available in five weeks!
It's, it's, it's, uh, a totally diferent situation! It's, it's apples and oranges, it's, it's orthodontists and lesbi- I gotta go.
Look, I know you don't want to hear this right now but, we've seen him in his new place, alright. And he's happy, he's, he's decorated.
Save the breakthroughs for therapy, okay. The clock is ticking. We have no time, and we are losing, we are losing to girls.
Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a shot. Maybe they can take the needle and thquirt it into my mouth, you know, like a thquirt gun.
Wow! It actually is in the handbook. I can't date you or have a hot plate in my office. I can't believe we have to stop seeing each other.
That's right Lydia, Elizabeth here is a student and uh, we're dating. And you may frown upon that, but we're not gonna hide it anymore.
No! No! I'm not! It's-it's-it's perfect! I mean it's better than you just-just moving here, 'cause it's us together forever, and that's-that's what I want.
Look at that, look at that, see how she's pushing him away and he won't budge. Alright, I'm gonna do something. Excuse me, are you Rachel?
Okay. Now-now-now should I climb down your front so we're face to face or-or should I climb down your back so we're-we're butt to face.
Yeah. Wait a minute. What are you doing here? Joey Tribbiani without a date on Valentine's Day? What's going on, huh? Girl trouble?
Would you look at that guy, I mean how long has he been talking to her. It's like, back off buddy she's a waitress not a geisha.
Oh! like what?! Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood".
I'm here. How's my little boy? Want Daddy to change your diaper? So, did you have fun with Uncle Joey and Uncle Chandler today?
Look, you guys I just wanna say, I really, really appreciate you spending this time with me. It's been a pretty hard time right now, so I just wanna say thanks.
Sure, I mean, do I wish me and Rachel living together would have worked out? Of course. You know, I'm disappointed, but it's not like it's a divorce.
Well, when you're subletting an apartment from your wife's cousin and then you get a divorce, sometimes the cousin suddenly wants his apartment back.
Seven years. I mean we've been together seven years, she's the only woman who's ever loved me, and the only woman I've-I've ever....
Don't sweat it, I've got this section covered. Yeah, in fact I've got this little baby to shine in people's eye--Okay, see you later.
Yeah! They're putting together this panel to talk about these fossils they just found in Peru and The Discovery Channel's gonna film it!
I know, uh, the air, the-the trees... even though Nana's gone there's, there's something almost, uh- I dunno, almost life-aff-
Pheebs, come on, you didn't kill anybody, these people just happened to die when you went to the dentist. It's, it's, it's just ah, a coincidence.
Now, if you wanna try to make some of it back, I'd be glad to play you for it. But I should warn you, I am very good at Cups.
I'm hurt! I'm actually hurt, that you would think that I would send you any of those things out of any thing other than love. Hurt! Hurt!
No, no, that's not where I was going. Er, if you get in the... way, of us becoming a thing, then I would be, well, very sad.
I mean, uhm... you know when I was growing up he was kind of a tough guy... You know a-a-and as a kid I wasn't the athlete I am now.
You have 30 seconds. And the lightning round begins-stop it -now. What was Monica's nickname when she was a field hockey goalie?
Yeah, ooh yeah, I think there is one from batch 17 left, uh... It's batch 16! 16 people! Get out of the way!
I just, I don't understand, I mean, how-how can she do this? Y'know, what, am I, am I like a complete idiot for thinking that she'd actually show up?
Why should Ben step aside? It was his audition in the first place! You-you just tagged along! You're like the uh, tag-a-long dad.
Yup! You could plunk me down in the middle of any woman's uterus, no compass, and I can find my way out of there like that!
Wow! That is a good one! Wow, it looks like a, like a holiday card y'know, with the tree in the middle and the skaters and the snow.
No, but come on, we're off to a great start aren't we? I knew I'd get you here fast, but this has got to be some kind of a record!
No! No! Of course it didn't mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y'know, because-because it was you...
Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About jellyfish and how if you... Ewwww!! You peed on yourself?!
I don't know, I could maybe go out for a couple of beers, but there's this thing about bumblebees on The Discovery Channel that I was planning to watch.
Well, I mean it's not all bad. I'm learning to appreciate the uh, smaller things in life. Like the sound of a bird and the color of the sky.
Right, um, but, on Hanukkah, Hanukkah is a celebration of a miracle. See, years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees.
Well, Carol says she and Susan want me to be involved, but if I'm not comfortable with it, I don't have to be involved.. basically it's entirely up to me.
Oh, just hold on a second. I'm watching this rugby thing on ESPN. I don't know what the big deal is. I'm man enough to play this sport.
Well I didn't! I didn't propose! Unless uh... Did I? I haven't slept in forty hours and...it does sound like something I would do.
Yeah, ever since you uh, told me that story about that bike I-I couldn't stop thinking about it. I mean, everyone should have a-a first bike, so...
Not well. I went on the subway again and someone did sit on my hand but that person was neither female nor wearing pants.
Look, forget it Phoebe. Okay? It's Rachel's tape and she can do whatever she wants with it. And she wants to destroy it. So, end of story.
Yeah and we'd want to make sure Emma has someone like Monica who is more uh. uh discliplinarin.. someone who can be firm and strict.
That's impossible! I mean we have had a deal for years! We-we-we shook on it, although believe me she wanted to do a lot more than that.
Well, I do! Why don't we go back to my place, light a couple of candles, break open a box of Cinnamon Fruit Toasties, uh...
Or you can sit with him on the front porch and make sure no one steals the trash cans. He does that every week too.
No real-, honey, really it's fine, just g-go with Susan. Really, I, no, I think girls night out is a great idea. Okay, okay, bye
Oh, oh, ok, great. You know what, while you're at it she said another word the other day, why don't you, why don't you look up: pbbqqt....
Pheebs, you're talking about putting your body through an awful lot, I mean morning sickness, uhh, labour, and it's all for somebody else!
Oh, I can't tell you how great it was to look at the crowd and see your face! I mean... uh, did you know you were mouthing the words along with me?
I know! I know! Why do you guys need to have this conversation?! Huh? I mean no self-respecting man would ask a woman, "So, where is this going?"
Listen, can you do me a favor? I'm gonna be out today. Can you just keep an eye on Joey, make sure nothing happens between him and Molly?
Wait a minute, one box! Come on, I'm trying to send a little girl to Spacecamp, I'm putting you down for five boxes. Chandler, what about you?
You guys, you know what, you know what, it doesn't matter, because you both have to go get dressed before the big vain in my head pops. So..
Uh actually, I sent the flowers before the actual date. So techincally, technically I didn't break any rules. Thanks for stopping by though.
No, its...Its not that. Umm, now what I'm going to say to you, I'm not saying as your friend. Okay? I'm-I'm saying as it as Monica's older brother.
Yes, you're right. Still somebody must have seen it... I mean, I went to that school for 4 years, I didn't have an impact on anyone?
The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.
Okay. Okay. Y'know what? If you want to, we can do it one more time. I mean I'd-I'd be okay with that. In fact, I have some time right now.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh, by the by, did it uh, did it ever occur to you that, I don't know, maybe they might be having a little too much fun?
Oh, that'd be great! Okay, but if you do, make sure it seems like you're there to see him, okay, and you're not like doing it as a favour to me.
That only is not funny, it's physically impossible! Ok? Depending on the species I'd have to have a six foot long... It's not funny!!
Look, don't worry about me. Okay? I'll just stay real energetic and stay away from the ball. I'll uh, I'll be that guy right out of the circle.
Not the first two, but the second two- woooo! ...I love you guys. You guys are the greatest. I love my sister , I love Pheebs...
Uh, excuse me. Evolution is not for you to buy, Phoebe. Evolution is scientific fact, like, like, like the air we breathe, like gravity.
Could ya just, could ya just lay off, please? All right? My life is an embarrassment! I should go live under somebody's stairs!
Wow! Wow, You look . . . uh . . . It's just, ah . . . That dress . . . uh . . .
Wait, did you get to the part about his 'huge throbbing pens'? Tell ya, you don't wanna be around when he starts writing with those!
It's been an hour and not one of my classmates has shown up! I tell you, when I actually die some people are gonna get seriously haunted!
Okay, okay. Enough, enough with the lunging. No! I'm sick of this. Okay. I've had it up to here with you two! Neither you can come to the party!
What? Oh! I gotta tell you, I-I wasn't expecting to like her at all, I mean I actually wasn't expecting to like anyone right now, but she's really terrific.
Oh! Listen umm, I, I just stopped by to see if you wanted to see this play tonight. Umm, it's supposed to be excellent. The director is the same...
Shh! Here we come, walkin' down the street, get the funniest looks from, everyone we meet. Hey, hey! Hey, uh, did you just feel that?
Yeah! I don't know. I mean, last year Elizabeth now-now this kid. What-what-what-what is it?! Am I giving out some kind of...sexy professor vibe?
I've seen her at work, but I always figured, ah-huh? But, uh, I made her dinner. We had a great time. And we're going out again tomorrow.
Muriel. Wh-why would he call you Muriel? Oh my God! Chandler M Bing? It's not just an M, your middle name is Muriel!!
Oh, I can't. I've got a date with that waitress, Katy, yeah, I know we've been only going out like twice, but I have a really good feeling about her.
Turns out them Emily is just crazy about Susan. Yeah, they're going to the theatre together! They're going to dinner! They're going horseback riding!
Okay look, do-do, you have anything Christmassy? I promised my son, and I really don't want to disappoint him, um, come on, I...uh, you gotta have something.
Sure. Sure. Look I don't, I don't know if your plans are finalized yet, but umm, hey I-I know another great way to blow off steam.
By using CT scans and computer imaging we can in a very real way, bring the Mesozoic era into the 21st century.
No! For all I know, she's trying to find me but couldn't because I kept moving around. No, from now on, I'm staying in one place. Right here.
That's nice... now, was that before or after you told him to stop calling, stop sending you flowers and to generally leave you alone, hmm?
Hey uh Mon, I saw the Porsche parked out front, can I get the keys? Thought I'd take that bad boy out for a little spin.
Marcel is an illegal exotic animal. I'm not allowed to have him in the city. If they find him, they'll take him away from me.
And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You know, that's the kind of guy Joey is.
Oh, oh my God, is this the wrong day? I don't believe it, uh, well, hey, I guess if it works out we'll, we'll have something to tell the grandkids.
You? You! Want to watch Ben? Yes! That'd be great, no, I just wanted to ask Monica, because I know how empty her life is.
Actually, it kinda is. My wife won't return my calls. I don't know where my wife is. "Hey Ross, where's the Mrs.?" Don't know!
First of all it's Professor Pittain! And second of all, that little bone, proved that, that particular dinosaur had wings, but didn't fly.
Come here. Listen, you deserve so much better than him...you know, I mean, you, you, you should be with a guy who knows what he has when he has you.
Well, ahem... you know, by the time we'd finished with all the dirty talk, it was kinda late... and we were both kind of exhausted, so uh...
I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mouth and tied it around my neck...
No, actually I was just saying it looks like we're not sitting together. But now you mention it, there was ice there that night... It was the first frost...
Look. Look, my mom gave me that ring because she wanted me to propose to Rachel, but all I wanted to do is if she maybe...kinda...wanted ah...start...things up again.
Really, it would be good for you and in fact, why don't you, why don't you go ahead to the restaurant and I will wait for my mom and then I'll meet you there.
Apparently, he told Johnny Shapiro that she's quite a girl. In fact, he told Johnny that he thinks he's falling in love with her.
Even though you do do a good Bob impression, I'm thinkin' when she sees you tomorow, she's probably gonna realize, "hey, you're not Bob."
Oh yeah it will! Come on, up! Up-up-up! Up! Yes! Here we go! Pivot! Pivot! Piv-ot! Piv-et!! Piv-ett!!! Piv-et!
Hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game, Gonna Need Stitches Ball.
Ow! Ow! Okay, okay, fine, fine! All right, you wanna win by cheating, go ahead, all right. Phoebe the touchdown does count, you win.
You want me to take some girl I've never met to the opera so you can go to a club and flirt with some guy, hmm, that-that is a toughie.
Yes, yes it is! No, but it's good it's-Emily thinks we should get all new stuff. Stuff that's just ours, together. Y'know brand new.
Thanks you guys, I really appreciate this. All right, I'm gonna get packing again. Man, I've been moving around so much I'm beginning to feel like a nomad.
Ok, Pheebs. See how I'm making these little toys move? Opposable thumbs. Without evolution, how do you explain opposable thumbs?
Well, see? So, maybe it wasn't such a bad idea, y'know, me kissing your mom, uh? Huh? But.. we don't have to go down that road.
Ok, well then get some sense. I mean it took you what, 10 years to get that job, who knows how long it's gonna be till you get another.
No, I-I-I'm serious, okay? I mean, think about it. You move in, you start fighting over stupid game rooms, next thing y'know you break up!
Well, the old lady died. And how do I know? Her dying wish was for one last kiss. But I don't care, because you got the apartment. Yes!
The photo album! There were millions of pictures of the apartment in the photo album. We just go through it and match everything to the pictures.
Item J437-A, color: winterberry. Hi umm, listen come here, come in. I'm so-so sorry about yesterday. I-I'm really sorry. It's just that I...
I'm sorry I had to take such drastic measures to make my point, but I-look, I just want you guys to be safe. DANGER!!!!! Ahhh, huh? Unagi.
Yeah, hi, I was just beeped. No, Andr is not here. Third time today. Yes, I'm sure... No, sir. I don't perform those kind of services.
Yeah, but it didn't fit. Well, luckily there's a store here that has one left in her size, but I'm the groom, I'm not supposed to see the dress...
No-no-no, no, umm, actually American surprise parties are-are-are very short. It's usually, "Surprise!" And then, "Oh my God, I'm so surprised-good-bye!"
Right that's why I came over to talk about. Hum...I saw Rachel kissing some guy on your balcony,even though there were NO LIGHTS !
Well l-look okay, it's probably just a mistake. Let me call Aunt Sheryl okay? Maybe you are invited and the invitation just got lost in the mail.
I'm sorry, my pie was, was in your hood. Now I just have to get the coffee out of that guy's pants and I'll be back in the hospital by 7.
Look I-I don't know what's going on with you and your husband and what is hopefully an adult dog walker, look can I just say not all men are like that.
Unbelievable, my classmates are gonna think I'm dead, my professors, my... my parents are gonna get phone calls. You're messing with people's feelings here.
Well, I wanted to be thorough. I mean this-this is clearly very, very important to you, to us! And so I wanted to read every word carefully, twice!
You have to tell her! You have to tell her! It's your moral obligation, as a friend, as a woman, I think it's a feminist issue! Guys? Guys?
No! Do you know what your odds are of winning the lottery? I...I mean you have a better chance of being struck by lightning 42 times.
Yeah, uh... and then I figured after you win, we could all go out to the balcony and see a night rainbow with gremlins dancing on top of it!
You know what? You know what? If, things were the other way around, there's nothing you could put on a list that would ever make me not want to be with you.
Joey, I'm not worried about her! I'm worried about my baby! Whoever she dates my baby dates! Now-now where is this actor taking them?
Grab a spoon. Do you know how long it's been since I've grabbed a spoon? Do the words 'Billy, don't be a hero' mean anything to you?
I don't know what to say, I'm sorry. Though, you're not supposed to take these. It's like a million years old, we, we actually, we had people looking for that.
Chandler, can I just say something? I-I know you're still mad at me, I just wanna say that there were two people there that night. Okay? Two sets of lips.
Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... "Can we walk"? Oh, you... you like that?
you know I really admire your whole dating attitude, it's so healthy I'm always like is this moving to fast? Is this moving to slow? Where's this going?
Well, OK, I uh, I have to. I can't deal with this right now. I mean, I've uh, y'know, I've got a cab, I've got a girlfriend, I'm... I'm gonna go get a cat.
Look, Chandler, it's my joke. But, hey, if it makes you feel any better they don't print the name, so it doesn't really matter who gets credit, right?
Oh, come on you guys; that's funny! Y'know? Because he's need-he's got like a hearing aide y'know, 'cause-'cause y'know, 'cause he's all old, and...
No! No! Not-I don't mean I-I see her as a twelve-year-old girl! I mean I-I have a son, who's umm six and I still think of him as a baby.
No, it turns out that the one from uptown was making a joke. But it was a different joke than I thought-it wasn't that funny. So I'm still torn.
"There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into two distinct..."
There you go. So she dips into her savings, that's what it's there for. She's gonna be fine, and if you need a little extra, you know where to find it.
Remember the Russian satellite, Sputnik? Well, I'm a potato or a...spud. And these are my antennae. So Sputnik, becomes... Spud-nik. Spudnik!
Y'know what, 100 million people went to see a movie about what I do, I wonder how many people would go see a movie called, Jurassic Parka.
No, it's not a divorce, it is not a divorce! Anyway, I think Rachel and I need to, you know, get on with our lives, maybe, maybe start seeing other people.
Well I'm sorry but you were! Okay? And besides if anyone should be hitting on her it's the guy who's single, the guy that who-who-who can do something about it.
Well, so, you-you'll get a job here! I mean, I'm always hearing about uh, them foreigners coming in here and stealing American jobs; that could be you!
Y'know what? I think I can take care of myself, I'll talk to you later. Good-bye. Whoa! Uh, that was your sister actually. She-she thinks that you're just using me.
Yeah, well what about you? You weren't you know, so hot in college either. After everything he said, he'd go "ba dum bum chessh"
No the-the sad thing is, if you had told him how you felt before you kissed her, knowing Joey, he probably just would've just stepped aside.
In fact, I'll bet you 50 bucks that you can't go the whole year without making fun of us. Eh, y'know what, better yet? A week.
No, it's not just that. It's justI want someone who... who does something for me, y'know? Who gets my heart pounding, who... who makes me, uh...
Hello. Hi sweetie. Good. Look umm, yes I've been thinking about that thing that you wanted me to do and, I can do it. So will you come to New York?
I think she's gonna be the hit of the office, huh? She's gonna be hotter than peasant blouses and A-line skirts. Can I get a blue bow?
Yes! Yes! I mean it's-it's kinda far from work, but uh, y'know, I'll get so much done on the commute. I-I've been given the gift of time!
Well, I can't say any of us were surprised. Your parents have been unhappy ever since we've known them. Especially after that incident in Hawaii.
Yeah. The bartender said that they split up into two search parties, the herbivores and the carnivores. You know, we as a group are not the coolest.
I know, I know I was, but there was always this little voice inside that kept saying it's never gonna happen, move on. You know whose voice that was?
This is unbelievable. I - I have never been so insulted in my life. Now, if you'll wrap up my free crab cakes, I'll be on my way.
Everyone thinks they know me. Everyone says 'Jack Geller, so predictable'. Maybe after I'm gone, they'll say 'Buried at sea! Huh!'.
Yes let's. Y'know what? Uh, it's-it's not important. What is important is that, is that we're having a baby. And it's not-Doesn't matter who came on to who.
But you know what, if you think about it, it actually promotes a healthy uhm... body image... because... even big butts or uhm... juicy doubles.
What-You're not serious. I mean she's a very nice woman, but there is no way we can take eight weeks of her. She'll drive us totally crazy.
This is perfect! She'll have to come back here with your pizza, and when she does, I'll turn on the Charm-O-Ross. Oh I'm so glad you don't eat meat.
Gosh, we talked about that but your brother has so many science trophies and plaques and merit badges, well we didn't want to disturb them.
Well, you know what... I-I'm sorry I'm the only one who isn't in love with Gary Poppins out there... But I just... I can't... I can't go through with this.
Oh shoot, tomorrow's not so good, I'm supposed to um, fall off the Empire State building and land on a bicycle with no seat. Sorry.
Yeah, we tried them all. We went for a walk, uh we tried a special tea, caster oil, spicy food nothing has worked.
Uh-oh, uh-oh, the laundry's done. It's, uh, it's a song. The laundry song that we sing. Uh-oh the laundry's done, uh-oh, uh-oh.
No-no-no, that's great! I'll be there Monday. And thank you again! Okay. Umm, that was the head of the Paleontology department at N uh, Y, uh U!
I just wanted to tell you something before you heard it from someone else and I hope this isn't too weird, but uh, I had uh, a thing with Janice. What you're-you're not mad?
Um . . . ah . . . you know, I'm divorced. Um, Phoebe, ah . . . Phoebe said you . . . You've been divorced?
Look at it this way: you dumped her. Right? I mean, this woman was unbelievably sexy, and beautiful, intelligent, unattainable... Tell me why you did this again?
Am I! Am I! Am I out of my mind! Am I losing my senses!! This dreamy guy is taking my girlfriend out for a meal.
Have you seen this? It's a new alumni website for college! It's cool! You can post messages for people, let everyone know what you're up to.
Too easy? Too...The process of every living thing on this planet evolving over millions of years from single-celled organisms, too easy?
Well, apparently not, and I can't just stand by and watch two people I care about very much be hurt over something that is so silly. I mean, enough of the silliness!
My doctoral dissertation is in the library at school, I went to see it, and there were students makin' babies right in the middle of the Paleontology section!
No no no, I mean, hey, why shouldn't I be happy for you? What would it say about me if I couldn't revel in your joy? I'm revelling baby, believe me!
Look this is starting to look really bad for me. Okay? Mona, Mona's standing right over there. Oh God, she's talking to Joey! You gotta let me win!
Oh Donald that-that would be great. I am totally ready to come back to work. I-What? No! Wh... What are you doing?!! GET OFF MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wait a minute, you guys. Oh, I wanna ask you something. I-I I may get to speak at this paleontology convention and if I do, I'd love for you guys to come and hear me.
Besides, I-I think I figured out a much faster route, I'm sure I can make it this time. I just...I just can't be afraid to get a little bit...hit by cars.
Okay, okay, we'll just get everyone to act like they like it. That-that way noone makes fun of her and we still get to go to Sweet Potatoe Pie!
Wow! The only thing I got from my Grandmother was her eyes. I mean not-not her actual eyeballs, but, but people say that my eyes-Do-do you want to make out?
Judy, Judy, relax, this is our little harmonica we're talking about. We taught her well. Ten percent of your paycheck, where does it go?
No, I'm getting back down 'cause she lives in Poughkeepsie. She seems really great, but she's like totally great, but she lives two and a half hours away.
Oh! ...Yeah, they were gross. Oh, you know what I loved? Her Sweet 'n' Los. How she was always stealing them from- from restaurants.
Okay, this is getting a little crazy. I mean, I'm-I'm sure it would be amazing but I...gotta say I really-really don't think it would be a good idea. Y'know? I really, really...don't.
Hey, you're a doctor of gums. That's the smallest body part you can major in. It's like day one, floss. Day two, here's your diploma.
'S'funny, um, uh, we agreed we'd spend the rest of our lives together. Things change, roll with the punches. I believe Julia's on the table..?
Rachel, I've seen you naked a million times. I ate hot fudge off you naked. Remember, I-I sucked that mini-marshmallow out of your belly button?
Th-th-that's all it is, a third nipple. Y'know? Just your run-of-the-mill third nipple. Y'know? You can take it off. Just slice that baby right off!
Ohh! Okay! Okay. "There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into..."
Unagi is a state of total awareness. Okay? Only by achieving true unagi can you be prepared for any danger that may befall you!
Look, okay-okay I had food poisoning! It's not like I choose to do it! It's not like-It's not like I said, "Umm, what would make this ride more fun?!"
No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I'm happy for ya, but I'm tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don't know what to do anymore.
Oh, come on Rach, we will. I promise. We have more interviews And worse comes to worse, we can always reconsider the uhm... the first one we met with.
Ahh, oh that's OK, I mean, he's probably got, you know, parties to go to and stuff. But, ya know, he's moved on. Hey, that, that's the way it goes right.
Ok, ok, here we go. Ok, where am I talking to, here? I mean, uh, well, there is one way that seems to offer a certain acoustical advantage, but...
Why don't they just jump out of an airplane?! Huh?! That-that's a fun date! Or burn each other with matches?! That's fun too! Whew!!
Woah, woah, woah australopithicus isn't supposed to be in that display. No. No. No, n, homo-habilus was erect, australopithicus was never fully erect.
Are you kidding? Okay, look. I-I studied evolution. Remember, evolution? Monkey into man? Plus, I'm a doctor, and I had a monkey. I'm Doctor Monkey!
Oh uh, I had trouble remembering everyone's name, so I-I kinda came up with nicknames. Like the guy on the other side of you was Smelly von Brownshirt.
Hmm -you know, actually this'll work out well. Cause when you have to move back in with Joey, Joey's hot new roommate can come and live with me.
No, no I don't want to do anything to you. All right? I just want to tell you that I'm not mad at you and...and that I certainly do not hate you. I just, I just came here to say that.
No. No, it's just 'cause, uh, I kinda wanted to go out with her too, so I told her, actually, you were seeing Bernie Spellman... who also liked her, so...
Oh my God! Of course, of course. Umm, would you please excuse me for a moment? Umm, do you know each other's hometowns? Why don't you... Wh-what's going on?
You know what, this is ridiculous, ok. This is your birthday, this is your party. I say we just put 'em all together and if they can't deal with it, who cares.
You don't understand! Elizabeth was about to ask me to go on a trip with her! Is that taking it slow?! No, I'm not ready for this! Okay? What-what do I tell her?
I knew it! I knew it! I always knew she liked him! Y'know, she'd say no, but here we are! Right? We just broke up, first thing she does!
Hey listen can you do me a big favor? The dean's office just called and said there was an urgent meeting. Can you watch Ben for like an hour?
Hey, they're going to the gym together! Two women! Stretching! Y'know they-they take a steam together! Things get a little playful-didn't you see Personal Best?
Okay! Okay! Fine, I'll stop! No teaching, okay? We'll just watch the pretty light streaking across the sky. Okay? Who's official name is Bapstein-King.
Look, it was accident! Okay? I-I feel bad that it happened, but I swear, I didn't even watch it! Anyway, here. I thought you might be more comfortable destroying it yourself.
oh boy you got mad at that part. I went over there to tell him how great you are but you know me BLAH, BLAH, BLAH, and I ended up telling him that.
Huh? Oh-oh, it was fine. Uh, it was just a misunderstanding. She didn't want me to go with her. She just wanted to let me know that she's going to Florida for spring vacation.
Yeah, she's got to go back to London. But you know what? I've been prepared for this from the start. We both knew we had two weeks together, and that's it. Y'know.
No, no, she's great and it's not like we haven't done anything. I mean, uh, uh, we, we do plenty of other stuff, lot's of other stuff, like uhh. . .
Alright, alright. We're all adults here, there's only one way to resolve this. Since you saw her boobies, I think, uh, you're gonna have to show her your peepee.
None of the sane ones wanted to come back with me! That's not the point. Ok? The point is you...you are the oneWho moved on and didn't tell anyone!
It's okay if he bumps his head, kids bump their heads all the time, y'know, it was your first time babysitting, I figured you did the best you could.
No, no, really. You should go. Just go! Go! Go out! Really, the world is your oyster. Kick up the heels. Paint the town red.
It was ridiculous. Ya know, these guys, they were bullies, actual bullies, ya know. We're grown ups, this kinda stuff isn't supposed to happen anymore.
I know and I was going to, but I thought it was better that you heard it from Rachel's father. Look I...I made a mistake, but it's only because I really, really like you. Really!
I know! It's like, if you knew, why didn't you tell me, you know? I mean, call, or leave a note: "Hi, I just dropped by to say your wife's gay"
Well I don't know, but how-how great would that be huh? You living in my building. I could help take care of the baby. I can come over whenever I want. With your permission.
Oh... ok, fine. But... ehm... I just have one question for you, ehm... When we exit should we walk, or run, or prance, or stroll...
And-and I, and I saw that Joey was about to go in, so I ran in ahead of him to-to surprise him and, and then I pretended I didn't know he was in there.
Okay, okay, so we're in the car. Right? And bang! A shot was fired. And Joey with no regard for his own safety throws himself on me!
Lady, he is people. He has a name, okay? He watches Jeopardy! He he touches himself when nobody's watching. Please, please have a heart!
No, y'know what, I guess it's partially my fault. Y'know, I shouldn't've, uh, asked you to start off with a monkey. I should've started you off with like a pen or a pencil.
Well, then, I think, I think the guy is scum. I hate him. I mean I actuallyI-I physically hate him. I always have. You are way too good to be with a guy like that.
Yeah! Anyway, I-I still think we should try to patch things up, y'know? Like uh, maybe we could get him to get tickets to another Knicks game and invite him.
Okay, so it wasn't uh, a traditional massage. But I did give him accu-pressure with a pair of chopsticks. And, and I gently exfoliated him with, with a mop.
How 'bout instead you, go get changed! You, give him back his underwear! I'm gonna go get a cab, and I want everyone down stairs in two minutes! Monica!
No, no, no, no, no, I don't want to know, absolutely not. I think, you know, I think you should know until you look down there, and say, oop, there it is! Or isn't...
No, Monica's restaurant got a horrible review in the Post. I didn't want her to see it, so I ran around the neighborhood and bought all the copies I could find.
Oh-oh, you're-you're fellow scholars. What exactly were you looking for, hmm? Perhaps, perhaps Dr. Chester Stock's musings on the Smiledon Californicus?
Well, I know the other day in the coffeehouse you were caught up in the whole soccer mom thing? but is that really you? I mean can you honestly picture yourself in a Volvo?
yes, yeah I said something stupid about her never having had a serious relationship, but you should know she is so much fun, a wonderful person please don't blow her off.
Well, if what's in the bottle is actually 30. I mean sometimes you get 30, sometimes it's-it's get 4, and I swear to God more often than not it's just milk.
Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer?
Actually that-that's not true, in The Incredible Hulk uh, No. 72, Dr. Bruce Banner found... Y'know, ugh, nevermind, my girlfriend's a lesbian.
Oh come on. It's cold, it's dark, he doesn't know the Village. And now I have a broken foot. I have no monkey, and a broken foot! Thank you very much.
Okay, there's this guy, Warren, from the museum and he's going on a dig for like two years and he's got this great place he needs to sublet. So uh, you interested?
See, Rach, uh, see, I don't think that swearing off guys altogether is the answer. I really don't. I think that what you need is to develop a more sophisticated screening process.
It came in the mail today, it's uh, 72 long-stemmed red roses, one for each day that I've known and loved Emily, cut up into mulch!
Wow! I have never had such a healthy break-up! She was such a grown-up about it! She didn't seem too immature for me! Did I just make a huge mistake?
Well let there-what if a man comes along and puts a gun to your head and says, "You ride this bike or I'll sh...I'll shoot you."
Mona umm...Clickclocken. The famous botanist? Huh? Oh no she's uh-well she's dead now. No, supposedly she was once quite the hottie of the plant world.
I can't believe this. I can't believe this is happening. I have to give the keynote speech tomorrow! Ok? I have to stand up in front of all these people. What am I gonna say?
I don't know, I don't think mom and dad would mind. Remember when you were 9 and Richard was 30, how dad used to say, 'God I hope they get together.'
No wait! Look, wait! Okay, you can hang up, but I'm gonna keep calling! I'm gonna, I'm gonna call everyone in England if that's what it takes to get you to talk to me!
I know! And-and the worst part was they took my backpack which had all the original artwork I had done for my own comic book: "Science Boy"
Oh, it looks like mom and dad's house. Oh, it even has a tree with a broken limb out front and the uh, the window in the attic is...Oh my God!!
This is crazy! I mean, yes-yes Rachel is my good friend and I-I have loved her in the past, but now, she is just my wife! Phoebe, will you-will you help me out here?
No Joey! Look why don't, why don't we just let her decide? Okay? Hey-hey, we'll each go out with her one more time. And-and we'll see who she likes best.
Well, oh just ah, I was just wondering, when you and I split up, did you get the tape that was half the last episode of M*A*S*H and half the hostages coming home?
Yes. Yes. Yes! Yes, I really do! In fact, it's funny, very often, someone who you wouldn't think could-could curl your toes, might just be the one who...
...which brings us back, of course, to Greely's theory of dominance. Okay, that-that's all for today. Oh, uh does anyone know where the Freeman building is?
Let-let me make sure I'm hearing this right, you're ending this with me because I'm too whiney? So you're saying, I've become so whiney that I annoy you, Janice.
Thank you, Dr. Phillips, but I'm having my lunch at this table, here in the middle. I'm having lunch right here, with my good friend Joey, if he'll sit with me.
Ok, well, if you do take him out for his walk, you might wanna bring his hat, and there's extra milk in the fridge, and there's extra diapers in the bag.
Aw, y'know...Y'know, maybe we're-we're just approaching this all wrong. If you're Chandler and-and you wanna hide, where is the last place on Earth people would think you'd go?
Hi, we're visitiing. It's Ben and his da-da. Da-da. Can you say da-da? Look, I'm gonna tell your momies you said it anyway so you might as well try.
Wow, well uh, uh, actually, Julie's downstairs getting a cab, I just need the cat toy, did Monica say. . . What? Why, why are you looking at me like that?
Yeah! I opened up to her about all the terrible stuff that's been happening to me. I mean I talked for hours. It is amazing to have someone give you such-such focused attention.
All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and damnit I am a good friend. So just, just shut up and close your eyes.
Yeah, obvious beauty's the worst. You know, when it's right there in your face. Me, I like to have to work to find someone attractive. Makes me feel like I earned it.
Oh and you know what, it will be even better tomorrow, because I won't be constantly interrupted by Joey checking to see if they put chocolates on my pillow yet. .
Yeah, Joan Tedeski my date. She's an assistant professor in the Linguistics department. Tall, very beautiful, and despite what some people say, not broad backed!
You do appear right on the cusp of something. Come on man, I'm sure he'll lose interest in a week or two, but for now can you please just do this for me?
Now that is funny. Hey, do you think...would it be too weird if I invited Carol over to join us? 'Cause she's, she's alone now, and pregnant, and, and sad.
It's like that everywhere, Joey! Okay, Mon, back me up here. Where you work the uh, waiters eat with the waiters, right? And the chefs eat with the other chefs, right?
So that's the only reason she could be here huh? It couldn't have anything to do with the fact that-that maybe I'm a good listener and I uh I put on a great slide show!
It's hard to tell because I'm sweating, but I use exactly what the gel bottle says, an amount about the size of a pea. How, how can that be too much?
Well I, that's the thing, I don't know! I mean, whenever I brought it up with her she said, "This is so fantastic! Why do we have to talk about the future? Let's just enjoy..."
Well, fine. Fine! If-if I'm the only person with any appreciation of the sanctity of the written word, I'll go up there and defend it myself! And don't you follow me!
Hum...So...hum...Oh hey I noticed you were reading the paper...another flood in Europe? Here's a question: "Would you...would you rather drown or be burnt alive?"
Y'know what, y'know what, I'm-I'm not the one that wanted that, that break, okay. You're the one that bailed on us. You're the one that, that ran when things got just a little rough!
Ohh, God, nobody likes him, and he's so cheap, he'd never fly to London in a million years. Yeah, invite him? Hey, did I do these neat enough?
Look at you! What-You're-you're this big executive! You are much more capable than you give yourself credit for. I-I have no doubt you're gonna be an incredible mother.
Carol was wearing boots just like those the night that we- we first- y'know. Fact, she, uh- she never took'em off, 'cause we-we- Sorry. Sorry.
Okay! Umm, I uh, I'm your teacher. I'm sorry, you're-you're a student and I-and I like women. In spite of what may be written on the backs of some of these chairs.
yes, yes I did. and I will also say what I'm about to say Vis-a-vis the following Phoebe has never had a serious relationship since her. super-serious relationship with. Vicrum.
Well, um, actually, I-I took her to the planetarium. That's-that's where we had our first date. Um, she walked in and I had the room filled with lilies, her favorite flower...
That doesn't matter. She wanted to call Bob. Hey, for all we know, Bob is who she was meant to be with. You may be destroying two people's chance for happiness.
Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God!
So? Sure! But it-it wouldn't be anything romantic. And I'm-I'm dating Mona-Damnit Mona! I was supposed to meet her like an hour ago! What is wrong with me?!
Wait hold on Tony, hold on. Hello. Hi, yeah no, she's right here. Um hold on. Hi Tony, can I call you back? That's uh, that's my sister's boyfriend.
No. But... it only has to happen once. Look, you and I both know we are perfect for each other, right? I mean... so, the only question is... are you attracted to me?
Hey there little fella! Hey, uh-hey, why don't we get some shoes on ya, huh? Hey, why don't you show dad how you can put your shoes on, in your room! Yay!!
Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited.
Smooth man. Yeah, you got some chilie on your neck. Well, I just want to say, thanks everyone, this-this was great. And hey! See you guys Monday morning. Thanks Joey.
I'm, I'm sorry you didn't get to go to Spacecamp, and I'm hoping that maybe somehow, this may make up for it. Presenting Sarah Tuttle's Private Very Special Spacecamp!!
All right. Y'know what? We don't have to go downstairs! We can bring Vegas up to us! All right, come on, come on, we'll play some blackjack. Here we go. 13.
Cool! Dad! My report cards! Hey, check this out dad, Math, A. Science, A. History, A. Gym... Oooh, my rock polisher!
And that's just the herbivores. I'm not even gonna discuss the carnivores, their heads are already too big. Which is ironic considering their stunted cerebral development.
Look, face it, my father is not going to pay for the build-in barbecue and believe me you can kiss you gazebo goodbye. Now I might be able to get you the new lawn.
All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and dammit I am a good friend. So just, just shut up and close your eyes .
Because it's a special hat. See he bought it 'cause he was feeling really down one day so he got the hat to cheer himself up, ya know. Now Chandler...
What am I supposed to do? He's out cold! In fact he was just talking in his sleep before and evidently he wants someone named Fran to spank him harder.
Oh, and also, he's, he's walkin' kind of funny, his left leg is moving a lot faster than his right leg, and he's in there just sort of y'know...
All I'm saying is, it's one thing being prepared for an attack against like each other; whole another story being prepared for an attack, I don't know, like a surprise!!
Uhh, naa, no no no, I, I must be thinking of someone else, uh, maybe me. Don't you have some folding to do? Go fold dear. Fold. You fold.
Give daddy the Barbi! Ben, give, give me the Barbi. Okay, how 'bout, don't you want to play with the monster truck? No. Okay, oh, oh, how about a Dino-soilder?
Oh God. We didn't get into Scranton. That was like our safety zoo. They take like dogs and cows. See? I don't know who this is harder on, me or him.
Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else.
Married couples send out cards, families send out cards, people who have been dating for a couple of months do not send out cards! What-what is she crazy?!
My God! These pants are burning up! Oh come on, she wants to snuggle now! What is she trying to kill me? It's like a volcano in here! Are you hot?
I, I don't know, it's got all this stuff about wind and trees and there's some kind of sacred pool in it. I mean, I don't really get it but she's, she's pretty upset about it.
Phoebe, she doesn't know that you sneak out every night, she doesn't know that you sneak back every morning, and she doesn't know that you've been living with your Grandmother's for a week now.
'Why don't you call him?!' Well, thank you very much! Y'know now he is going to prep her, y'know prep her, as in what you do when you surgically remove the boyfriend!
Ohhh, hey! All right, listen, I-I have that TV thing in like two hours, and I need your help, okay? What do you think? This blue suit, or this brown one?
Yeah, um, okay see, you were, you were on the list but my friend, Chandler brought up the very good point that you are international, so I bumped you for Wynona Rider, local.
Guess who's here. It's the toughest guy in toy land, Ben. 'A real American hero. I'm G.I. Joe!' Drop the Barbi, drop the Barbi.
Oh-oh-okay, but-but I know, that even though I've been a-a complete idiot up 'til now, I mean, I mean you-you-you have to come here. You have to come here so we can work this out.
Well, I lost. Some little girl loaned her uniform to her nineteen year old sister, who went down to the U.S.S. Nimitz, and sold over 2,000 boxes.
I don't know. But, you know, we, we have a lot in common, you know. He plays piano; I played keyboards in college. He's been divorced; I have some experience in that area.
Okay here, have one of these peppers. Oh ha... Oh God! So...so hot! Oh my- By the way, you don't want to touch the pepper and then touch your eye.
Okay, is everybody clear? We're gonna pick it up...and move it. Now all we need is teamwork, okay? We're gonna lift the car...and slide it out. Lift and slide!
Alright, alright, you know how you say I never seize the day? Well, alright, even though he's your super, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here is 50 bucks, merry Christmas.
Okay, look, we have nineteen minutes. Okay, Chandler, I want you to go and change! Okay. And then, when you come back, Joey will go change, and he'll have vacated the chair. Okay. Okay.
Oh-oh-ooh, hey guys, I was wondering if you guys would uh, maybe chip in on some new air filters for the air purifier? I mean after all, we all are using it.
So, this must be kinda neat for ya, huh? I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off school, and you, you ah, don't have to sell those cookies anymore.
You know what, it's, it's better this way anyway. I mean I don't know what I was thinking, going down that road again with us. It's just much easier if we're just friends who have a kid.
Oh I-, Oh wait, Tony can you hang on? That's the other line. Hello. Oh yeah she's here but uh, can she call you back? OK thanks. Call Joanna. Hi.
I just have to go, all right? Do I need a reason? Huh? I mean I have things to do with my life, I have a jam packed schedule, and I am late- for keeping up with it. Okay?
It's not a big deal? Oh, I'm sorry I just...um, I...what about all the stuff you-you just said? I mean how about, I like-you-you can't stop thinking about her. Like how you can't sleep?
Yeah. Listen about that, the whole uh, who came on to who thing really doesn't matter. I mean, I think it would've happened either way. I mean if you hadn't initiated it I-I-I know I would've.
Yeah, but you were the one who got him back, y'know? You, you were great. ...Hey, we uh, we still have that, uh, that bottle of wine. You in the mood for, uh, something grape?
Yeah, um, I don't know if you noticed, but he had a lot to drink, and you know how he gets when he's drun..uh... I can't do this, I did it, it was me, I'm sorry, I kissed your mom.
Umm, candles, champagne, yeah anniversaries are great. 'Cause you know love lasts forever, y'know. Nothing like it in this lifetime, money in the bank, so Rachel and I broke up.
Well, oh, I'm sorry your car broke down Pheebs, but I'm a little too busy with some of my real friends right now, but please call to let me know you got home safely okay?
So I told Carl, 'Nobody, no matter how famous their parents are, nobody is allowed to climb on the dinosaur.' But of course this went in one ear and out.....
I don't think so! You're just giving me Ruth so you'll get to name it when it's a boy, and that's when you'll swoop in and name him Heath or Blaine or Sequoia.
Yes there will. Oh guess what, Molly Gilbert you've just been bumped up to table one. And if it's all right with you I'm gonna take your place at table six-Martin Clickclocken.
I'm not proving anything. Okay, I'm done listening to you. If I hadn't let you talk me into going to the airport in the first place, I never would've put my fist through the wall!
Ok, ok, sweetheart, I'll see you later. Ok, bye. What? Oh, that is so sweet. No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three. Well you didn't hang up either.
Ohh, Geller's got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh! It's the classic struggle between man and- Someone knocked over a lamp.
Yes. And another time after that. Boy I'm getting hungry! Hey Joey, have you ever been so hungry on a date that when a girl goes to the bathroom you eat some of her food?
Dad, dad, dad, I'm talkin' about the whole uh, baby thing. Did you uh, ever get this sort of... panicky, "Oh my god I'm gonna be a father" kind of a thing?
Look Chandler, Monica is really weird about this kind stuff all right. Believe me, I lived with her for 16 years. She is going to freak...out. Oh my God, she's going to sit on you.
Ooh, I, I'm so sick of missing stuff. Ya know, I want him for more than, than a day, I want him for a whole weekend. No listen , I mean, I feel like-
Fine! It's your life! I just don't want to see you guys break up! Which you will do if you move in together, but that's what you want, there's nothing I can do. DON'T DO IT!!!!!
I... I do, I do not love Rachel. I'm gonna tell her right now about the whole thing so we can get this marriage annulled as fast as possible. Okay? Would I do that if I loved her?
Yeah, yeah, I was watching. Umm, hey, a couple of questions though. Umm, about that-that-that last move where the woman tripped you and then pinned you to the floor, what-what-what-what would you do next?
No, it's not just 'cause I'm jealous. I mean I'm not, I'm not, I'm not jealous, okay? It's... Look, the guy, he screamed, he actually screamed at this couple sitting in our seats.
No, I mean, look I don't know if anything is going to happen with us, again. Ever. But I don't want to know that it-it never could. So I stopped it and she got mad and broke my projector.
Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here-but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
No, no, with him. I'm on this field, and they, they hike me the baby... and I, I know I've gotta do something 'cause the Tampa Bay defence is comin' right at me.
Then we have to await the data from recent MRI scans and DNA testing which call into question information gathered from years of simple carbon dating.
...now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the remains of a Paleozoic Amphibian in its jaws! How did it get there?!
Oh look, did, did you just see that? Did you see? He just waved, he just waved, he's never waved before, you've never waved before. Yes he has. Very good.
Okay, it was just me and her at the back of the train, and I sat near the door, so she'd have to pass by me if she wanted to switch cars. She was totally at my mercy.
If like the four of us could all y'know, hang out together. Uh, in fact Emily's coming into town this weekend, why don't you say we all have dinner? Say, Sunday night?
Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily. My God, think of the massacre.
Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp in the sack and I'll just stand in the corner and tell knock-knock jokes.
No! No, I won't! I'll be at the bottom of the dating barrel now. The only guys below me will be Four Divorce Guy uh, Murderer Guy, and-and, Geologists.
Okay, look, yesterday I would've even considered calling her back, but my ex-wife calls on the same day I have a near death experience. I mean, that-that has got to mean something!
Yeah-yeah, except Apollo 8 didn't actually land on the moon. But you-you-you could write that umm, your love lets me orbit the moon twice and return safely.
It was soo not an accident. She saw I was about to tag her, so she threw her big fat grandma arm elbow right into my face. And just keep running.
'That thing'? This is how you greet guests at a party? Let me ask you something, if I showed up here with my new girlfriend, she wouldn't be welcome in your home?
Okay, maybe this is so hard, because there aren't 50 states. Let me tell you something, I have 49 states, and there are no more! I-I think, I should be able to eat something.
Well, I tracked down Marcel and get this, he's healthy, he's happy, and he's right here in New York filming Outbreak II - The Virus Takes Manhattan.
No, no, no... why, because it might get weird for everyone else? Who cares about them. This is about us. Look, I-I've been in love with you since, like, the ninth grade.
Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here- but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
It was 5:30 in the morning, and you had rambled on for 18 pages. Front and back!! Oh-oh-oh, and by the way, Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E means 'you are,' Y-O-U-R means 'your!'
Hey Ross! It's you! I just want you to remember this feeling. You are lucky to be alive! So live everyday to the fullest. Love yourself, okay? Okay. Oh, and also get stamps. Bye!
Well I...I told him that if he ever hurt you I would hunt him down and kick his ass! What?! What?! What is the matter with everybody?! I am serious! I would kick his ass!
Yeah, I still don't know. I'm sorry I just wanna make sure that I bought the right couch. I need a couch that says, "Kids welcome here." But that also says, "Come here to me!"
Dad, dad, please. Look I don't want anything to upset Emily tonight. Alright, she's had a hard enough couple of days as it is. Now here, here, let me go talk to him, okay?
Nah, I dunno... I think you reach a certain age, having a roommate is kinda pathe- ....sorry, that's, that's 'pathet', which is Sanskrit for 'really cool way to live'.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, ho, ho, ho, you did not win the game, the touchdown didn't count, because of the spectacularly illegal, oh and by the way savage nose breaking.
Look, I was nervous! You guys had me all worried I was going to be boring! I got up there and they were all like staring at me. I opened my mouth and this British accent just came out.
I know, it's the first time, we're leaving the baby and ... hey, I know how hard it is for you, but ... but Emma is gonna be fine. My mom is gonna be with her. She's great with kids.
Oh! Wow! Uh, yeah! That sounds great. I'm just gonna put this back in my pocket, pretend that didn't happen. Uh yeah, actually I'm free now. Do you wanna grab some coffee or...
That's a different issue. Uh, the point is, when the baby comes I will be there to...to feed her and bathe her and change her. And more than that I want to do all those things.
Okay, uh, about last night, um, Chandler.. you didn't tell... Okay, 'cause I'm thinking- we don't need to tell Chandler, I mean, it was just a kiss, right? One kiss? No big deal? Right?
What? Whoa, whoa whoa whoa, what do you mean, back to Jordie? We never landed on Jordie. We just passed by it during the whole Jessy, Cody, Dylan fiasco.
He is saving your butt, ah, unless of course I'm stepping on some toes here, in which case I can just mosey on, I've got plenty of people to help on the Interstate.
Believe me, I've been dreaming about me and Rachel for ten years now. But now, I'm with Julie, so it's like me and Julie, me and Rachel, me and Julie, me and... ... Rachel. Rachel, Rachel.
Well, because y'know there are certain rules about this kind of stuff. You don't uh, you don't fool around with your uh, friend's ex-girlfriends or possible girlfriends or girls they're related to.
You know what, I'm sure your wish is gonna come true, but, you guys - just in case, maybe a genie will come out if we rub this lamp! Ah!! That thing gets hot!!
So is everybody here? I got here a little early myself. Let us begin. Now, the hydrosaurids have been unearthed in two main locations. Here. Here. Now as for the hydrosaurs...
Hey, hey buddy, Marcel. Marcel. In the jungle, the mighty jungle the lion sleeps tonight. In the jungle, the mighty jungle the lion sleeps tonight. a-weema-way, a-weema-way.....
Well, not really. I mean technically it's-it's not against the rules or anything, but it is frowned upon. Especially by that professor we ran into last night, Judgey von Holierthanthou.
Well, yeah, kinda. Um, but that's okay, see we have an understanding, um, see we each have this list of five famous people, so I'm allowed to sleep with you. No, no, no, it's flattery.
Who's Richard Burke? Doc, Doctor Burke? You have a date with Doctor Burke? Why, why, why should that bother me? I, I love that man, he's like a uh, brother to dad.
No, no. The vet says unless he's in a place where he has regular access to some... monkey lovin,' he's just gonna get vicious. I've just gotta get him into a zoo.
Yeah, it was pretty traumatic. I was outside St. Marc's Comics... you know, I-I-I was just there minding my own business, you know, seeing what kinda trouble spiderman got into that week-
That does not sound stupid to me. You know, it's like the first time I had to make dinner for myself, after Carol left me? I'm sorry, that's all the time we have. Next on Ross... Uh-oh.
Don't thank me! If you wanna thank something, thank the volcano that erupted thousands of years ago, killing but perfectly preserving an entire civilization. Here's Warren's number.
Hello? Hey Mon, how's the packing going? Ben? He's fine. Yeah, he's right-Oh my God! Get your head of your shirt there son! What? Yeah, it's a pumpkin. I'll come pack.
Well uh, y'know what? Even if she doesn't know anything, I do! I have a son. And his mother and I didn't live together, and whenever he was with me I took care of him all the time, by myself.
Ok, Phoebe, this is it. In this briefcase I carry actual scientific facts. A briefcase of facts, if you will. Some of these fossils are over 200 million years old.
Unless... You anticipated that I would figure all this out and you know that it actually is a girl, and you really do want her to be named Ruth! Well, I'm not falling for that! Okay? Ruth is off the table!
Basically he told me to get over myself and just do it, ya know. So I though about what you said and I though about what he said and, well, his way I get to have sex tonight so. . .
See but, Pheebs that-that is the exact opposite intent of my music. Y'know my music is-is meant to inspire, and if it bothers you this much, then I... I won't play anymore.
She's having lunch with him. She's having lunch with him. And you should of seen the hug she gave him when she got the job. And, and, and, he's really good looking. What am I gonna do?
Okay, I'm sorry, this is insane! I-I-I'm not addicted to heroin, I'm not gay, and there is no problem with my ability to consummate anything! Look, I'll consummate this marriage right here, right now!
Ok, ok, now what is wrong with my Snuggles? What, it says I'm a sensitive, warm kinda guy, you know, like a warm, fuzzy bear. Ok, I can pick something else up on the way.
Yeah, well my-my ex-wife and I share custody of Ben and umm, uh, and just so you know, Carol and I are on excellent terms as I'm sure you are with your wife! Oh, I'm sorry! It's unbelievable!
No. So what. So what if we get beaten up, maybe that's just something every man has to go through once in his life. Ya know, like a, like a right of passage or somethin'.
Joey come-I can't believe-I bring you here to see the Bapstein-King comet, one of nature's most spectacular phenomenon, and all you care about are bugs stuck in tar and-and some woman!
...and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it's collar and emit a high pitched noise to frighten it's predator. Yes Mr. Lewis?
I dont know whether hes testing me, or just acting out, but my monkey is out of control. But, he keeps erasing the messages on my machine, "supposedly" by accident.
That is a great idea! And! I know Ugly Naked Guy because we've been watching him for like five years so that gives me back my edge! Oh, let's see now he had the trampoline.
Well we-we don't know for sure. But in my head it-it sounded something like this. Of course, this is just conjecture. Okay, that's uh, that's all for today. Uh Mr. Morse, can I see you for a moment?
Well, it was loong. I didn't even realise how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o'clock shadow on her head. Anyway, she didn't want to stay. I called a cab; she just left.
Oh, well he's obviously late and the rule in my class is "if you can't come on time, then don't come at all". An option that many of my students use. Shall we?
I'd bet I'd still be doing my kara-tay. Towards the end of our marriage I was doing a lot of kara-tay as a way of releasing the tension from y'know, not doing anything else physical.
Ugh, between the traffic that time of day and all the one-way streets it'll take me twice as long. Besides, I teach the class three times a week, who am I? Rockefeller?
And what--What are you typing that for? Did you hear what she said? We don't get the annulment. Don't type that! What?! Stop typing! Hey! Stop typing! Stop typing! Stop typing!!
Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyer's office all I could hear was, "Three divorces. Three divorces!" Look, I just don't want my tombstone to read, Ross Gellar, Three Divorces.
Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and tense around them already. You might as well make some money off of them.
I'm sorry, man. Hey, y'know what you should do? You should make something happen for yourself. Y'know, like-like write a play. Write a movie! Huh? I mean, what about those Good Will Hunting guys?
She was blonde? Just a sec.! Okay, okay. This one's name is Sandy. She's got a degree in early childhood education, uhm... she worked for her last family for three years.
Hey! So, uhh, Amanda just-just dropped me off. Yeah, that's one of the things I love about her, she's...uh, she's old enough to drive. So uhh, I guess you're not going to mom and dad's tonight?
The ride broke down. So, Carol and I went behind a couple of those mechanical Dutch children... then they fixed the ride, and we were asked never to return to the Magic Kingdom.
I am not in love with her. She was very upset about having to move out so I eh, didn't tell her we were still married because she would only get more upset. I-I just comforted her, as a friend.
Little girl misses her cat. Crazy lady thinks her mother is in a cat. Okay, y'know what, I have to go have dinner with my son, can I trust that when you see Phoebe, you will tell her.
...co-founded. Co-founded the club was because I was insanely in love with you. Obviously I didn't handle it very well. But if you think about it the I Hate Rachel Club was really the I Love Rachel Club.
No, because she hasn't come home yet. And she hasn't been home all night! She's obviously staying with that other guy, and I'm the stupid moron who spent the whole night outside her apartment!
Please! Are you kidding? I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody nose-I mean I-I'm not proud of it but, I really am. And it's all because of you, wonderful, amazing you.
See what? I don't know what she sees in... innn that goober. And it takes him, what? Like... like... I don't know, uhh... uhhh, hello.... a... week, to get out a sentence.
No-no-no, I'm saying we-we buy more of this at the gift shop, throw our tuxes back on, and take a few pictures. All we have to do is make sure not to get anybody else's faces.
Hey-yeah. Hey Gunther, can I have a scone please? Wanna hear some good news? Someone I know is getting married! Yeah! And weddings are happy occasions! Oh, by-the-by it's my ex-wife Emily!
Y'know what? I-I-I... I-I have had enough of this! Y'know, I-I-I care a great deal about your daughter and I have treated her with nothing but respect! So if-if you've got a problem with me, frankly...
He was unbelievable. He was like that-that-that Bugs Bunny cartoon where Bugs is playing all the positions, right, but instead of Bugs it was first base-Alan, second base-Alan, third base-...
When we first met her, she was soaking, her feet were wet! Who wouldn't be miserable? I'm telling you when I got her into a dry pair of shoes, she was a totally different person.
Ah, yeah, yeah. Umm, we started talking after she y'know, did her thing. And it turns out she's got a boy about Ben's age, so we're taking them to a gym-boree class. Why, is that okay?
Hello. I'm sorry I'm a little late. Ah--Whoa! A lot late. Let me start by uh, by introducing myself, I am Professor Geller. So to sum up, I'm Professor Geller. Good job today.
She wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship. I mean she goes on for five pages about, about how I was unfaithful to her! WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!
You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...
That's right, Ben. I'm Santa's representative for all the southern states. And Mexico! But, Santa sent me here to give you these presents, Ben. Maybe the Lady will help me with these presents.
I don't know. I mean I have plenty of opportunity. Just just now there were some women at the coffee house smiled at me.And then the other day on the subway a woman "accidentally" sat on my hand.
I have to say you are a much bigger person than I am. I mean after all we've been through, I just-y'know I wish I had a brother to reciprocate. Hey, if you ever want to go out with Monica, you have my blessing.
Maybe I should get another pair! Ooh, y'know, they-they had some with fringe all down the sides. I'm gonna go kiss Ben goodnight. I can't believe he thinks I'm a cowboy. I would make a good cowboy.
Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves.
Yeah, I guess I should. Man, y'know what I have to realize? Maybe I'm just not the type of guy women can have just one night with. Y'know, they-they always seem to want a little bit more. I should remember that.
Oh mom! Okay, umm, her name is Carol. And she's really pretty. And smart. And uh, she's-she's on the lacrosse team and the golf team. Can you believe it? She plays for both teams!
Oh yeah, she's-she's amazing. And-and she's so much fun. And! Y'know what? When I'm with her, I'm fun! I even signed up for helicopter classes. She's leaving in two days, I don't have to do it.
Emily that's ridiculous. Look, I'm-I'm moving for you, I'm cutting friends out of my life for you. Please, just get on the plane and come to New York. Okay, you'll see you're the only person I want to be with.
She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth.
....right? Right? I mean it's pretty unbelievable y'know, I mean they just took off, took off without even looking back. Y'know I don't, I don't need them, huh, I've got you guys now as friends, you and Susan.
Yeah-uh-huh. Tomorrow night, Valentine's Day, the most romantic day of the year. Who knows what could happen? I might not be shutting my drapes to show her my slides, if you know what I mean.
Okay look, there's nothing to worry about. We have plenty of time. There's a great baby furniture store on west 10th. Tomorrow, we will go there and we will get you everything that you need. Okay?
Not, not, not every night. You know, and... and it's not like I didn't try, Rachel, but things got in the way, y'know? Like, like Italian guys or ex-fiances or, or, or Italian guys.
Look, I... Look, I'm having a great time with you and I just don't want us to move to fast or put to much pressure on us. So, I'm sorry I just don't think we should go away together yet. It's-it's too soon.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. You looked at her. You never look. You just answer, it's just a reflex. Do I look fat? Nooo! Is she prettier than I am? Noo! Does size matter?
Yeah, you want 55-JUMBO. Yeah, that's right. That's right, JUMBO with a U, sir. No, belive me, you don't want me. Judging by his number, I'd be a huge disappointment. All rightie, bye bye.
Well, I asked him if he wanted to eat, he said, "No." I asked him if he wanted to sleep, he said, "No." I asked him what he wanted to do, he said, "No." So, he's sweeping.
I didn't wanna leave him alone. Alright? We- we had our first fight this morning. I think it has to do with my working late. I said some things that I didn't mean, and he- he threw some faeces...
Oh see, I-I needed a new thing for today and there's this leather store that always smells so good and I thought to myself, "Wow, I never really owned a good smelling pair of pants before."
Y'know, okay. You're right. It is huge. So why don't we take it just a little bit at a time? Okay? Umm, forget getting married for a sec; just forget about it. Can you just come home and take a shower?
Hi, I was wondering if it is possible to increase security in the Paleontology section? See I-I wrote a book up there and instead of reading it people are-are-are well, rolling around in front of it.
What?! No! No! Wait! You're right, this is stupid. Who cares what people think? I mean, I mean we like each other right? There's nothing wrong with that. Come on. Burt? Lydia? Mel? This is Elizabeth.
Yeah. I don't know, I've been wanting this since like ninth grade typing, ya know. And I just want it to be perfect and right and. . . why isn't that laser beam cutting through the paint?
No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a velociraptor, he would have eaten the Flintstones. Yeah, yeah. Oh, were you takin' a nap?
Well then that's it. And if George and Adelaide can't accept that, then the hell with them. Look, if my parents didn't want me to marry you, no way that would have stopped me. Look, this is your wedding. Do it.
Oh, well you see how it works is, the part with Dick Clark in Times Square is actually live, but they tape some of the party stuff ahead of time. Yeah, not a lot of people know that.
Well, I was with Carol for like eight years and I lost her. And now if it's possible I think I love you even more. So, it's hard for me to believe that I'm not gonna, well that someone else is not going to take you away.
I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm guys. I have no brackety thing, I see no whim guys whatsoever and- I cannot feel my legs.
Ok, gentlemen! Please! Aren't we a little old for this? I mean, we're scientists, right? We're academics. And most importantly I... you-you will have to catch us first. . GO, GO, GO!
Why? Why? I know it's a little weird, but hey, he's a great doctor, okay? He knows my medical history, and every time I go in there, he makes a big deal. 'Ah look, it's my favorite patient!'
Oh, I know. Y'know what, I never would've gotten this if it weren't for you. No really, when I'm with you I'm-I'm like this whole other guy, I love that guy! I mean, I love you too, a lot, but that guy! I-I love that guy!
Y'know, maybe she is too young for me. Y'know, when I was over there and she was running around with her friends, I felt like I was a baby-sitter. I finally started to see what you guys were talking about. I don't know what to do.
I was the James Michener of dirty talk. It was the most elaborate filth you have ever heard. I mean, there were characters, plot lines, themes, a motif... at one point there were villagers.
Filming Rachel is not something I planned. Okay look, here's what happened, and Joey you-you can back me up on this. All right, about-about a month and a half ago I came to you with a problem? Umm, a personal thing.
Y-ello. No, Rachel's not here right now, can I take a message? Alright, and how do we spell Casey, is it like at the bat or and the Sunshine Band? OK, bye-bye. Hey, who's this uh, this Casey?
Hey I'm sorry to do this to you again but uh, is there any way you can look after Ben for a little bit? I-I've got this meeting at school. And-and he-he asked for his uh, 'Fun Aunt' Rachel, so...
I'm an idiot. I mean shoulda seen it, I mean Carol and I'd be out and she'd, she'd see some beautiful woman, and, and she'd be Ross y'know look at her, and I'd think, God, my wife is cool!
Uh, y'know what? I'll tell you who it hurts! It hurts the kid who has all his clothes stolen in gym class so he has to go to the principal's office wearing nothing but a catcher's mitt!
No, no, it's okay. Really. They're plenty of people who just see their sisters at Thanksgiving and just see their college roommates at reunions and just see Joey at Burger King. So is, is that better?
Well then we'd be in a lot of trouble, you don't know where any countries are. Okay. Uh, say would you umm... Would you mind checking again to see if any umm, private rooms may have opened up?
It's awful I know, I mean, I feel terrible but I have to do this if I want my marriage to work. And I do, I have to make this marriage work. I have too. But the good thing is we can still see each other until she gets here.
I was having a little chat with ah, Bonnie, and ah, guess what, she-she happened to bring up y'know, who was behind the um, whole head shaving idea, and now, who was it? Oh, that's right, that's right, it was you!
Okay! Okay! That's it!! Parents!! Parents!! Back away!! All right, this is our wedding day! From now on everyone gets along, and if I hear one more word. NO GRANDCHILDREN! That's right!!
Oh, no no no. Nono, this is just vintage Rachel. I mean, things just sort of happen around you. I mean, you're off in Rachel-land, doing your Rachel-thing, totally oblivious to people's monkeys, or to people's feelings...
He couldn't even tell me! He said it was just some sort of skin... abnormality. And the worst thing is he-he-he said, he said, without being able to identify it, he was reluctant to remove it.
Hey, y'know what's weird? After you guys get married, when you introduce me to people you're gonna have to say, "This is my brother-in-law Ross." Not, "My friend Ross," "brother-in-law Ross." That's weird isn't it?
Listen, I gotta tell ya, I-I'm having a great time! Y'know how before you said it might be weird, the whole student teacher thing, and to be frank I thought it would be too, but it's not. I mean it's not at all.
No, um, see 'cause that, that is, that is the staging area. If you go in there, it'll ruin the whole illusion of the party. Yeah, I think you take your scotch back in there and I will get your cigarettes for you sir.
Don't listen to your mother. You're independent, and you always have been! Even when you were a kid... and you were chubby, and you had no friends, you were just fine! And you would read alone in your room, and your puzzles...
I knew all I had to do was let the material speak for itself. Everyone's all, "Ross you have to be funny and sexy." Well, I proved them wrong! And now, I'm gonna pass the news onto Joey and Chandler.
Great, actually. I'm thinking tonight, maybe the night. Yeah, I mean ah, the kids are gonna play together and then when they're asleep, I'm thinking Amanda and I break open a bottle of wine, and do a little "playing" ourselves.
This... this is exactly what I'm talking about. What kind of a guy makes... makes... delicate French cookies, huh? They're not even... butch, manly cookies with... with... you know with... with chunks.
Oh no! That-that'll just bring me down! This was great! I mean I-I-I was great! This is a great day! Y'know what? I'm buying everyone coffee. All right? If someone would just grab my wallet, it's in my pocket.
Today's the day Carol and I first.. consummated our physical relationship. Sex. ..You know what, I-I'd better pass on the game. I think I'm just gonna go home and think about my ex-wife and her lesbian lover.
Look, you were right. She looks at me and sees a friend, that's all. But then I met Julie, and I don't know, we're havin' a great time. And I have to say, I never would've gone for it with her if it hadn't been for you.
Just a sandwich? Look, I am 30 years old, I'm about to be divorced twice and I just got evicted! That sandwich was the only good thing going on in my life! Someone ate the only good thing going on in my life!
Hey! I just got uh, my teacher evaluations! Check out what this one student wrote, "I loved Dr. Geller's class. Mind blowing lectures! Dr. Geller, you are definitely the hottie of the paleontology department!"
You've really crossed the line here, but that's okay, it's ok 'cause I'm on my way to buy some Photoshop software and a stack of gay porn. That's right! Your coming out is about to get real graphic.
I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean it's temporary, but uh, if they like me it could lead to a full time job. How great would that look great on a mailbox, huh? "Professor Geller."
Dad that won't matter to her. Look, all my stuff is safe and dry and all her is-is, is growing new stuff! See, this is exactly the kind of thing that makes her think you guys love me more than you love her.
Ok, then you're gonna have to understand that you're with a guy who's not gonna stop planning his future with you because he knows that we're gonna end up together and if that scares you, tough, 'cause you're gonna have to deal with that.
Okay, remember, we were young. Hey, Spring break, sophomore year, I got high in my bedroom and my parents walked in and smelled it and so I told them that you had gotten stoned and jumped out the window.
Look, I gotta go pick up Ben. Everything so far sounds great Joey, just remember to keep it on the mellow side, okay? Just a couple of guys hanging out playing poker, no-no strippers or anything okay?
No Mum, I'm not dead. I know it's not something to kid about. It was just a practical joke between Chandler and me, but it's over, ok? Actually no, even if I had died, you would not be left childless. Monica?
I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry. I wa-I was disgusted with myself, and this morning I was so, I was so upset and then I got your message and I was so happy, and all I wanted was to get her out of my apartment as fast as possible.
I wanted this to work so much. I mean I'm still in there, changing his diapers, pickin' his fleas... but he's just phoning it in. Just so hard to accept the fact that something you love so much doesn't love you back.
Okay umm, why don't we all take a seat, y'know? And uh, and I'll get us all some uh some coffees--Yeah, why don't you. Uh and you guys can talk about whatever, whatever you want. Y'know? Whatever pops into your head.
Yeah, see, we-we-we have to stop across the hall, because it's my sister. But, uh, uh y'know actually, growing up with a sister was nice because it really helped me understand women. Yeah, you-you should tell your friends that.
Okay, look, how is this gonna affect you? Really? I mean you fill some form out once and a while and instead of checking the box that says Ms you check the box that says Mrs.! It's right next to it!
Ok. Well, before I say anything, I just need to know, is this one of those things where you break up with a guy, and then I tell you what I think, and then the next day you get back together with the guy, and I look like a complete idiot?
This is my son having lunch, ok? It's gonna happen a lot, so you'd better get used to it. Now if you have any problem with it, if you're uncomfortable, just ask questions. Carol's fine with it, now come on.
Wha-? Oh, come on. You didn't have to-saltwater taffy?! Thanks! This is interesting. You know, most people think this is made with sea water, but it's actually made with, uh, salted fresh water. That's not interesting.
Well I don't know umm, what if we were too tie each other up? Umm, some people eat stuff off one another. Nah! Umm, y'know we-we could try dirty talk? Umm, we could, we could have a threesome.
Wow! Thanks, you guys. That's uh-ohhh, I wanna, I wanna play you another piece! Umm! Uh-oh! I left my uh, helicopter sounds on another disk. I'll be right back! Okay? This is so nice, I'm-I am so...
Really?! Hey, y'know what? Since you have such a great sense of what I need, uh ooh, here's-here's 60 bucks, why don't you take Phoebe down to that Colonial flea market of yours and get me some stuff.
Yes, it was the trophy you got if you won the game. But our Dad said, 'nobody won that game, ' and he was sick of our fighting, so he took the trophy and.... threw it in the lake.
Well, of course you can defend yourself from an attack you know is coming, that's not enough. Look, I studying kara-tay for a long time, and there's a concept you should really be familiar with. It's what the Japanese call unagi.
Okay! Fine! Fine! If-if this is what you think, forget about the whole three divorce thing! Okay, I-I'll go to my lawyer's office right now and get this marriage annulled! Okay?! Because she means nothing to me! Noth--Nothing!!
Uh-huh. Well, when the psychiatrist told me I had to take a leave of absence because I yelled at my boss I started to get worked up again, so he offered me a tranquilizer. And I thought was a good idea so, I took it.
And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's a little ditzy, you know. And I've seen her be a little too into her looks. Oh, and Julie and I, we have a lot in common 'cause we're both paleontologists, but Rachel's just a waitress.
Naa. A while ago I got a sah out of him, which I thought, ya know, might turn into sah-condary caregiver but... Hey, would you uh, would you hold him for a sec, 'cause I, I gotta take this off.
Oh hey, hey, huh, how about this weekend we have a laser disc marathon okay, and maybe a tournament on my new dart board? Huh, huh, what do you think? Two days of darts, it'll be great!
I just, I hate this so much! I mean, every time I go pick her up at the airport, it's-it's so great. But at the same time I'm thinking, "Well, I'm gonna be right back there in a couple of days, dropping her off."
Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he believed to be igneous, was in fact sedimentary. Imagine his consternation when- Oh bloody hell.
Okay, I did not abandon Rachel! Okay? Emily showed up at the airport! I had to go after her! I mean, I-I did what I had to do! She's my wife! Rachel is my wife! Y'know-Emily! Emily, is my wife! Man, what is that?
No, I-I got really hot in my leather pants so I took them off but they must have shrunk from the-the sweat or-or-or my legs expanded from the heat. Look, I-I can't put them back on. I can't!
My way?! You-you think this is my way? Believe me, of all the ways I ever imagined this moment in my life being, this is not my way- y'know what? Uh, um, this is too hard. I'm not, I can't do-
Come here, here, come here, come here, Mrs. Buffay. Sorry, about what I said, umm, it was, it was insensitive of me to say that you were just a cat. When clearly you are also the reincarnated spirit, of my friend's mother.
Phoebe! You're note, amazing! Not only did no one touch my sandwich, but people at work are actually afraid of me. Yeah, a guy called me mental! Mental Geller, yeah, I always wanted a cool nickname like that.
No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?
No, no, no. Technically the... sex is not... being had, but that's... see, that's not the point. See, um, the point is that... Rachel and I should be, er, together. You know, and if you get in the.... um...
Well, her thought is, and I agree, fresh new furniture, why not a fresh new apartment? Her cousin has this great place to sublet, it's got a view of the river on one side and Columbia on the other.
Look, look, there's got to be a way we can work past this. Okay, I can't imagine, I can't imagine my life without you. Without, without these arms, and your face, and this heart. Your good heart Rach, and, and....
Look, I-I know how miserable you are, I wish there was something I can do. I mean I wish I were a seahorse. Because with seahorses it's the male, they carry the babies. And then also umm, I'd be far away in the sea.
Ben, I want you to know that there may be some times when I may not be around, like this. But I'll still always come back, like this. And sometimes I may be away longer, like this. But I'll still always come back, like this.
Yeah, y'know how I have you guys, well she doesn't really have any close friends that are just hers, but last week she meet this woman at the gym, Susan something, and they really hit it off, and I-I-I think it's gonna make a difference
I tell you one thing, I wouldn't mind having a piece of this sun-dried tomato business. Five years ago, if somebody had said to me, here's a tomato that looks like a prune, I'd say "get out of my office!"
Come on! The time we were all waiting in line for Dances With Wolves and that one guy cut in line in front of us and I just lost it?! Screamed at him! Turned all red! Red Ross!!
We had such a great time! She's-she's incredible! I thought the-the age difference might be a problem, but it wasn't. It wasn't at all. Elizabeth is very mature for her age. A concept lost on some people!
Well, it turns out that she is going to Daytona for spring break woo-hoo. That means, that means wet T-shirt contests, guys doing shots off of girl's bodies, waking up next to people you don't even know...
I just wanted to thank you again for last night, what a great party! And the guys from work had a blast. Y'know, one of them had never been to a bachelor party before. Yeah! And-and another one had never been to a party before, so...
Uhm no! Think less of you! No, I don't think less of you. I mean, you saw someone you liked and you kissed them. I mean, those people who like someone and don't kiss them... those-those people are stupid, I hate those people.
No! No! Look-Hey, enough is enough! Look, I am sorry that you feel guilty or whatever about spending time with your new mom, but this is not your old mom. This is a cat! Okay, Julio the cat! Not mom! Cat!
Well, like that, only instead of a chair, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of a jacket, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of the end of the day, it's the end of time, and garbage is all that has survived! Here.
It was pretty funny when I, when I hid it for a while, huh? Anyway, umm, I-I am worried about that bathing suit, not because it's revealing which I'm fine with, no I'm concerned about your health, sun exposure.
Well, I was just playing with him, and y'know we were doing the alphabet song, which he used to be really good at, but suddenly he's leaving out 'e' and 'f.' It's like they just ah, I don't know, fell out of his head.
Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know this jacket, this is, th--Fun Bobby's jacket! Where is he, what. He, he's here, isn't he?
Yeah, I'm just gonna grab my coat. And uh, and my whip. Y'know because of the Indiana Jones? Not-not because I'm-I'm into S&M. I'm not-I'm not into anything weird. Y'know? Just-just normal sex. So, I'm gonna grab my coat.
Ah, no Mon, Dad had to buy everyone of your boxes because you ate them all. But ah, y'know I'm sure that's not gonna happen this time, why don't I put you down for three of the mint treasures and just a couple of the Rudolph's.
Here they come, here they come. Oh-ho, if she kisses him goodnight, I'm gonna kill myself, I swear. I can't, I can't watch this. Come on, date over! Date over! Uh-oh, here we go, she's going in.
I was really upset about Rachel and Paolo, and I think I had too much tequila, and Nora- um, Mrs. Mom- your Bing- was just being nice, y'know, and- But nothing happened, nothing- Ask Joey, Joey, uh, came in-
No-no, I took them from the hotel lobby. Yeah, they think they can charge me for some dirty movie and a bag of Mashuga nuts, they got another think coming. Hey! My sweater! I've been looking for this for like a month!
So it said that by the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same number of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically we could download our thoughts and our memories into this computer...
Hello. Oh hi, are you on your way ove-. Oh. No, no, I, I understand, I mean a monkey's gotta work. No it, it's no big deal, it' not like I uh, had anything special planned. Yeah OK, OK. OK, OK, bye.
Because he called here looking for you. So don't tell me this...this kissing this guy from work is a one time thing,ok? You've been out there in bars and on balconies for over a month now. And you didn't even have the courtesy to tell me.
Right! Right! I just-I want you to know that I'm going to be there through this whole thing, okay? Okay? The doctor's appointments, the uh, the Lamaze classes, uh baby-proofing the apartment-Although we could probably worry about that 'til after we get married.
No!! Y'know-y'know don't do me any favours. In fact, where, where's the rest of my stuff?! Huh? Like-like my umm, Hey, this book is mine!! And-and-and, and that T-shirt you sleep in? I'd like that back too. Yes, I do.
So do I. Okay Rach, before anything happens I just want to lay down a couple of ground rules. This is just about tonight. I don't to go through with this if it's going to raise the question of "Us." Okay? I just want this to be about what it is!
Ok, we were sitting over there playing on the floor and he grabs the table and he pulls himself up. He pulled himself up. Standing man. I'm sorry you guys missed it but I did tape it so it you guys want to see it.
Look, there are people like Ross who need to shoot for the stars, with his museum, and his papers getting published. Other people are satisfied with staying where they are- I'm telling you, these are the people who never get cancer.
Animal sex, animal sex? So what're you saying, I mean, you're saying that like, there's nothing between us animal at all. I mean there's not even like, uhm, a little animal, not even, not even like, like chipmunk sex?
Well, as much as I'd like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I aren't going to be here. All right? I mean, she's going to come by first to say good-bye, and then I've got a whole special evening planned. So I'm sorry, no party.
Okay! Okay! But if she doesn't call, it is definitely over! No, wait. Wait. Unless, eventually, I call her, y'know just to she what's going on, and, and she says she'll call me back, but then she doesn't. Then it's over.
I don't know. I mean I-I guess I could. It's just that we didn't really end things such good terms. And if I go over there I'd be ignoring the one thing she asked me to do when we broke up, jump up my own ass and die.
Yes, I do have a laundry room in my building, um, but there's a.... rat problem. Apparently they're attracted to the dryer sheets, and they're goin' in fine, but they're comin' out all.... fluffy. Anyway, say, sevenish?
Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six!
Pheebs, I have studied evolution my entire adult life. Ok, I can tell you, we have collected fossils from all over the world that actually show the evolution of different species, ok? You can literally see them evolving through time.
Hey! You were a closed book! Okay? I'm not a mind reader! Besides, I hate those conversations. I'm horrible at them. Really! Maybe-maybe I need kind of a gesture. Y'know, something that says we're moving forward without having to talk about it.
And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a dare, I picked paleontology. And you have no idea what I'm saying, because, let's face it, you're a fetus. You're just happy you don't have gills anymore.
Oh-oh yeah, you-you came up to me and asked if I could do you a favor, and my Uncle Murray came up to you and handed you a check. And then you said, "Why do they call it a check? Why not a Yugoslavian?" Yeah, then you did that.
But you didn't! I'm still alive!! Kori, I know this is a big surprise for you. It's a long story but the things you just said really made my day! I mean, the fact that you are here means more to me than if this room were filled with people!
Uh, okay, yeah, we could do that, but before we head off to the murder capital of the North-East, I was, uh, kinda wanting to run something by you. Y'know how we were, uh, y'know, talking before about, uh, relationships and stuff? Well-
All right, all right. You-you-you know what I'm going to do? I am going to order another pizza and when Caitlin gets here, you-you--I will show how well I flirt. Yeah! I will, I will get her phone number! And not the one on the menu!
I was hugging her as a friend. It's not my fault her-her hair got in my face, she's got a lot of it and it smells all-all uh...coconutty. What?! Oh, that doesn't mean I have feelings for Rachel! Maybe it means I have feelings for coconuts!
Oh, I'm actually on my way to tell her right now. Yeah, she's been away all week visiting her parents, but she'll be cool. I mean, she's been so supportive. She-she even got the baby a tiny T-shirt that says, 'Fossils are my friends.'
We are having a baby together, but we're not involved. I mean, uh we-we were seeing each other a while ago, but then we were just friends. And then there was one drunken night. Or, yes stranger, we'd like this delivered please.
Anyway, I was heading towards this bakery, you know, to pick up a couple of dozen Linzer torts for someone... ... when outta nowhere this thug with a pipe jumps out and says: "Gimme your money, punk!"
No, no, that's funny. But maybe it's time to move on, let it go, y'know? Stop it! Besides, Rachel is going out with Elizabeth's father, so ah, he's much older than she is. Looks like I'm not the only one interested in fossils, huh?
Look, this is just a little too familiar, okay? For like, for Like six months before Carol and I spilt up, all I heard was "My friend Susan is so smart. My friend Susan is so funny. My friend Susan is so great."
No, no, I don't wanna put it off, I just, God I just, I spent last year being so unbelievably miserable, ya know, and now, now I'm actually happy. You know, I mean, really happy. I just, I just don't wanna, I don't wanna mess it up, ya know.
That was the water fountain! Okay?! Anyway, people are writing reports for me, uh pushing back deadlines to meet my schedule, I'm telling you, you get tough with people you can get anything you want. Hey Tribbiani, give me that coffee! Now!
No. Man I don't wanna have to have Joey with me every time I wanna descent cup of coffee. Ya know, and I don't wanna spend the rest of my life drinking cappucino with a 'K'. I say you and I go back down there and stand up to those guys.
Hi! Hi, I'm Ross, you don't know me, but I'm a big, big fan of yours. I mean, Blue Velvet, woo-oo hoo! Um, I was wondering if I could um, maybe buy you a cup of coffee? Or maybe reimburse you for that one?
What? Wh- hello? The Millners' farm in Connecticut? The Millners, they had this unbelievable farm, they had horses, and, and rabbits that he could chase and it was- it w- .....Oh my God, Chi Chi!
So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just have to talk to me. Tell me if something is bothering you. Okay? And for my part I will do everything I can to keep my annoying habits just .
You know, I hate to lecture you guys, but it's kinda disgraceful, that a group of well-educated adults and Joey can't name all the states. Did you ever see a map, or one of those round, colorful things called "a globe?" Hmm?
Well, it's not for sure but umm, we met this guy in the park who thought Ben was really cute--y'know, which he is--so umm anyhoo, he uh, he gave us his card and told us to bring him down for this commercial he's auditioning.
Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How's it going. This is the hardest letter I've ever had to write. What the hell's a matter with you? How do you think Joey's going to react when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?
Hi, um, Im err, Im Ross Geller, and err ah... ..thats, thats my boy in there, and uh, this is Carol Willick, and this... is Susan Bunch. Susan is um Carols, just, com... ..whos next?
All right. A room. A man enters, he looks suspicious. That's it? Joey, you're supposed to have five pages done by now! Including an exciting incident! And what is, and what is all this?! The official rulebook of Fireball.
Oh what's the big deal?! I wasn't even invited to the ceremony, just the reception. And-and y'know what? If it makes you feel any better, Joan and I will just make an appearance and then, and then we'll-we'll leave early as a sign of protest.
Fine! Fine! But this break-up was not all my fault, and she, she says here, "If you accept full responsibility..." Full responsibility! "...I can begin to trust you again. Does that seem like something you can do. Does it?!!"
Julie. Julie. That. Oh God. Julie, right. OK, I need to lie down. No, ya know, I'm gonna stand. I'm gonna stand, I'm gonna walk, I'm walkin' and I am standing. OK so you uh, and now wha... and now, now, now you're over me?
Y'know actually it does have a very interesting history. Uh, this street is the first street in the city to have an underground sewer system. Before that sewage and waste would just flow right down the street. Yeah, sometimes ankle deep!
Of course! It all adds up! I mean you you're obsessed with her. It's always, "Ross, what are you gonna do about Rachel?" "Ross, why-why are you moving in with Rachel?" "When are you gonna confess your secret marriage to Rachel?" You want her!
Okay, you're in bed. She's over on your side, cuddling. Now you wait for her to drift off, and then you hug her and roll her back over to her side of the bed. And then you rollll a-way. Hug for her! Roll for you.
Here we go. Y'know, I've-I've never played my stuff for anyone before, so it's important that-that you understand it's about communicating very private emotions. Y'know, umm, you should-you should think of umm, my work as wordless sound poems. That's what I'm...
Yeah! Yeah, Emily always wanted to get married in this beautiful place that her parents got married, but it's going to be torn down, so... I mean, I-I know it's crazy, but everything up 'til now has been so crazy, and I don't know, this just feels right. Y'know?
No, sorry I don't. Tell me why would anyone pay someone to scar their body for life? What if it doesn't come out right Phoebe? Then it's like, I don't know, havin' a bad hair cut all the time. Why's everyone staring at me?
Hmm-Hmm-Hmm. Okay. I, uh, am from Long Island. I-I came to the city for college. Um, I, um, have a 5 year old son and in my spare time I like to read spy novels. But, but, let's talk more about you. Hmm.
Not that big a deal? It's amazing. Ok, you just reach in there, there's one little maneuver, and bam, a bra right out the sleeve. All right, as far as I'm concerned, there is nothing a guy can do that even comes close. Am I right?
I don't believe this. I miss, I miss the first time of everything. I missed, what, the first time he rolled over, the first time he crawled. What else did I miss? Has he spoken yet, is he driving, does he have a favorite liquour?
Look, I-I don't want to miss anymore baby stuff. So...Here. Here's my new pager number, okay? Anytime anything pregnancy related happens use it! I'll be there! Okay? I don't care if it's three in the morning and all you want is ice cream.
You damn kids! You ring my bell one more time, I swear to... Ohh, uh Jill. Umm, that-that's just a little game I play with the kids down the hall. Umm, they've really taken a liking to me. Uhh what's-what's-what's the matter?
Okay, okay, I was typing names into the library computer earlier, y'know-y'know for fun, and I typed mine in and guess what came up? My doctoral dissertation! It's here! Yeah, it's right-it's right down here! In the biggest library in the university!
Look sweetie, I could be the bigger man, I could be the biggest man, I could be a big, huge, giant man, and it still wouldn't make any difference, except that I could pick your Father up and say 'Like me! Like me tiny doctor!'
You think?! God, I, ah, I'm in hell. I mean what, what am I gonna do? Rachel's all like, 'I love you and, and let's work on this.' And all I can think about is, 'What is she gonna do? What is she gonna say?' when I tell her what I did.
Listen, you are hearing one side of the story, okay-and F.Y.I she must've shown Kyle over 30 paint samples before she painted that room! And his response to each one was, "I don't give a tiny rat's ass."
All right, look, look, you've got to do this yourself, okay in person. At least you know her name. You just go to the house and you ask for Mary-Angela, okay, when which ever one she is comes to the door, you take her for a walk, you let her down easy.
Alright. The, uh, the neighbours must be vacuuming. Well, so long as we're here and, uh, not on the subject, I was thinking about, uh, how mad we got at each other before, and, um, I was thinking maybe it was partially because of how we, um...
Look, Rachel, this is poker. I play to win, alright? In order for me to win, other people have to lose. So if you're gonna play poker with me, don't expect me to be a 'nice guy,' OK? Cause once those cards are dealt...
Yeah!!!! Yes, I made it! I'm on time! Okay, why don't we all uh, open our books to page 23. Where... Where you will see...a uh...a bunch of uh...red spots. Okay, umm, why don't, why don't you all start to read, while I-
Then, Fred Astaire singing The Way You Look Tonight came on the sound system, and the lights came down. And I got down on one knee and written across the dome in the stars were the words "Will you marry me?"
Look, I didn't want to rush into anything. And it seemed like she didn't want to either. But I don't, I don't understand how any of this happened! What? Did she find the ring in my jacket, assume that I was going to propose, throw it on, and-and just start telling people?
Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit. This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, like, the greatest day of my life, y'know? My son is being born, and I should be in there, you know, instead of stuck in a closet with you.
I was working late in the library one afternoon. It was just the two of us. She needed some help with her word jumble. And one thing led to another. If you must know, Anita was very gentle and tender. May she rest in peace...
Rach, I-I can't tell you how-how much that means to me! Ohh... Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You-you hated the name Ruth! Why-why would you change your mind? Unless, you know we're never going to have to use it. You did see the folder. You know it's a boy!
Because! Because, it-it-it's... It'd be like you having this guitar and-and never playing it. Okay, this guitar wants to be played! And-and this bike wants to be ridden and-and if you don't ride it you-you're-you're killing its spirit! The bike is dying.
It's just, it's, it's me. You, you know I've only been with one woman my whole life and she turned out to be a lesbian. So now I've got myself all psyched out, you know, and it's become, like this, this thing and I. . . Well, you just must think I'm weird.
Okay, for instance. Let's say, Janice is coming back from a trip and she gives you two options. Option number 1 she'll take a cab home from the airport. Option 2 is you can meet her at baggage claim. Which do you do?
Uh, well, don't worry, I'll use the gentle cycle. Ok, um, basically you wanna use one machine for all your whites, a whole nother machine for colors, and a third for your uh, your uh, delicates, and that would be your bras and your under-panty things.
Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister's teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh? This isn't right.
We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a chest, and a stomach. It's a boy, definitely a boy! All right! Ok, legs, knees, and feet. Oh, oh. He's here. He's a person.
Right, you're not even getting your honeymoon, God.. No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year... talk about your- -big lizards... Anyway, if you don't feel like being alone tonight, Joey and Chandler are coming over to help me put together my new furniture.
No, you've heard my practice. Okay? Just-just give me a chance to perform for you and then decide whatever you want. And I'm not going to tell you what song I'm gonna play either. But uh, let's just say when it's over I'll bet there will be a we bit o' celebration.
Oh, come on, every first time mother feels that way. You'll-you're gonna pick it up. Hey! You will! Uh look, y'know when you first came to the city? You were this spoiled helpless little girl who-who still used daddy's credit card. Do you remember?
Anyway, suddenly I'm down field, and I realise that I'm the one who's supposed to catch him, right? Only I know there is no way I'm gonna get there in time, so I am running, and running, and that, that is when I woke up. See I, I am so not ready to be a father.
Yeah I know. On the other hand in um, in about seven months you're gonna have something that you're gonna love more than any guy you've ever gone out with. Just wait. Wait until uh, wait until the first time your baby grabs your finger. You have no idea.
Okay, hey, that's okay with me. Two down and I have exactly twelve minutes.... Wha, my watch stopped. My watch. Okay, see, the, the dinosaur tail isn't going around any more. What time is it? It's 7:33, I have seven minutes. I have seven minutes!!
If you have to call me name, I prefer "Ross the Divorcer". It's just cooler. Look, I know my marriage isn't exactly work out. But I love to be that committed to another person. And Carol had some good times before she became a lesbian... and once afterward. I'm sorry.
Well, not right now. Okay look, Monica came here for some memories and damnit, we're gonna give her some! Okay, grab...grab some empty boxes. Okay? We'll-we'll take stuff from mine and whatever we can pass off as hers we'll-we'll put 'em in their.
Okay! Okay. Look, I, uh- I realise you guys have been wondering what exactly happened between Carol and me, and, so, well, here's the deal. Carol's a lesbian. She's living with a woman named Susan. She's pregnant with my child, and she and Susan are going to raise the baby.
No, of course, Um... Um, everybody? Um, I-I just wanted to say...on behalf of my new bride, Rachel , and myself. Umm, that if...if in 35 years, we're half as happy as you guys are, we'll count ourselves the luckiest people in the world.
No. I... I wanted to be with you. I don't know, I feel like lately, I feel like you're slipping away from me, y'know. With this new job, and all these new people, and you've got this whole other life going on. I-I-I know it's dumb, but I hate that I'm not a part of it.
Hey! All that stuff you said about true love, you were right, I mean, we did learn a lot from Mom and Dad! And that picture of Chi-Chi with her mischievous grin. And what you said about Nana. Ohh, yeah she really would've wanted to be there. And you know what? I think she was.
It is. Eventually, it kind of... burns out. But hopefully, what you're left with is trust, and security, and... well, in the case of my ex-wife, lesbianism. So, you know, for all of those people who miss out on that passion... thing, there's all that other good stuff.
No, a car backfired, but I thought somebody was taking a shot at me. And Rach, I...I survived! And I was filled with this-this great respect for life. Y'know? I-I want to experience every moment. I want to seize every opportunity. I-I am seeing everything so-so clearly now.
Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture, you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that she'd love.
Hey Rach. I, uh, got you a little present. . . I'll open it. It's a Slinky! Remember, huh. Walks down stairs, alone or in pairs, everyone knows it's. . . just a big spring. Alright, you still mad at me becuase of the whole. . .
No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt I wish I'd thought this through.
Yeah. You see my-my sister makes these amazing turkey sandwiches. Her secret is, she puts a, an extra slice of gravy soaked bread in the middle; I call it the Moist Maker. Anyway, I-I put my sandwich in the fridge over here...
Well, but aren't you pissed at him?! I mean this guy abandoned you! I gotta tell you if this were me, this guy would be in some serious physical danger! I mean I-I-I'd walk in there and I'd be like, "Yo, dad! You and me outside right now!" I kinda scared myself.
All right, keep going. We are phasing the accent out, phasing it out. So without out re-testing the results in the laboratory the team would never have identified the initial errors in their carbon dating analysis . Were there any questions at this point? Yes.
Yeah, didn't I mention that? Yeah, I mean, we haven't being going out for too long, but rather there is thisamazing connection between us. I-I mean, in fact just before you came in she called me her boyfriend. I thought it wasa little too soon, but it was also, you know, it was kinda nice.
What, now you're not even taking to me? Look Rachel, I-I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry, I was out of my mind. I thought I'd lost you, I didn't know what to do. Come on! Come on, how insane must I have been to do something like this? Huh? I-I don't cheat right, I, that's not me, I'm not Joey!
Ohh, I gotta go to the flower store! Check it out, no one will tell me where Emily is, so I'm gonna send 72 long-stem, red roses to Emily's parent's house, one for each day that I've known and loved her. That oughta get her talking to me again.
Oh, no, no, no, I will! I just want to butter her up, first! You know, I'm going to take her to an amazing Valentine's dinner. Do all this romantic stuff, and then, just when she thinks I'm the best boyfriend in the world, then I'm going to tell her that my pregnant ex-girlfriend is living with me.
You don't have to do anything. It will just be easier if it is the two of us, like college, remember? You...you break theice with some kind of jokes so that they know you're the funny one and I swoop in with some interesting conversation, sothey'll see that I'm the brilliant, brooding, sexy one...
It was hard... I remember... I was in my bedroom... playing with my dinosaurs... playing and learning... and my father walks in and says... he says... "What are you doing with those things? What's wrong with you, why aren't you... why aren't you outside playing like a... like a real boy?
Well, I-I want to give her another chance, y'know? She lives so close. And, at the end of the date, the other time, she-she said something that was-if she was kidding was very funny. On the other hand, if she wasn't kidding, she's not fun, she's stupid, and kind of a racist.
So, I just finished this fascinating book. By the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same amount of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically you could download your thoughts and memories into this computer and-and-and live forever as a machine.
Marcel. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Good boy. Good boy. C'mere, gimme the rice. Thank you, good boy. Well, I see he's finally mastered the difference between 'bring me the' and 'pee in the'. 'Bring me the' and- Rach?
I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience jet lag, then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one human year thing, then, when a dog flies from New York to Los Angeles, he doesn't just lose three hours, he loses like a week and a half.
Well, uh, for your information, there's a woman at the museum, who's curator of moths and other... uh... winged things... who's, uh, let it be known that she is drawn to me much like a... well, you know. But so far I've been keeping her at bay, but, uh, if this is the deal...
Hey! There are some men who will do whatever it takes to make their marriage work! Okay? There are some men who will stand by and-and watch as their wives engage in-in what only can be described as a twosome with some-some woman she barely knows from the gym!
... and that's the story of the dreidle. Now, some people trace the Christmas tree back to the Egyptians, who used to bring green palm branches into their huts on the shortest day of the year, symbolising life's triumph over death. And that was like 4000 years ago.
Alright, ok, let's do it. Uhm, I know we start by discussing the shortcomings of carbon dating... uhm, and then, then I move on to what is clearly the defining moment of the Mesozoic era, the breakup of Pangea, hello! And then, there's the... eh... there's the overview of the Triassic.
Okay, each team will answer ten questions. The first team that answers the most questions wins. Okay, the categories are, Fears and Pet Peeves, Ancient History, Literature, and It's All Relative. Now, the coin toss to see who goes first. Okay, somebody call it this time.
Ok, ok, number one: The way you cry at game shows. Number two: how much you love your friends. Number three: the way you play with your hair when you're nervous. Number four: how brave you are for starting your life over. Number five: how great you are with Ben.
Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state zoos, y'know, like, uh, San Diego... right? But that might just be a pipe dream, because, y'know, he's out of state. Uh, my vet, uh, knows someone at Miami, so that's a possibility.
Okay-okay! Two very good points, look I've known you both a long time, and I've never seen either of you one/millionth as happy as you've been since you've got together. Do you really want to throw that all away over a room? That is so silly. Now wh-what is more important, love or silliness?
No look I wasn''t right, that's what I came here to tell you. I was totally hung up on, on my own stuff. Listen, I'm someone who needs the whole security thing, ya know. To know exactly where my next paycheck is coming from buy you, you don't need that and that's amazing to me. I could never do what you do Joey.
You know what I don't care. The only person I cared about getting dressed, is the one person that says she's not even gonna go. Look Rach, I'm sorry. Okay. Look, I-I wa, I was a jerk. I'm sorry I yelled. I want you there, I need you there. Look, what, what can I do that can show you how much, how much I want you to be there.
Good evening, sir. My name is Ross Geller. I'm one of the people who applied for the apartment. And I-I realize that the competition is fierce but-I'm sorry. I, I can't help but notice you're naked and I applaud you. Man, I wish I was naked. I mean, this-this looks so great. That is how God intended it.
Look, just because some idiot drew on your face doesn't mean you shouldn't have any fun! Okay? And besides, hey-hey-hey no one is even gonna look at you. Okay? This is Vegas! Hello! There are tons of other freaks here! There are tons...of...freaks here. No other. No. Come on! No one will notice, I swear!
Uh-uh-Wow! Uh, I thought you guys were just like making jokes, I had no idea. What you know what? You guys are wrong. Uh yes, there is a chronological age difference but I never notice it. You know why? Because she is very mature. Besides, it doesn't really matter to me what you guys think. I mean, I'm the one dating Elizabeth, not you!
...once you know the stories, it's not that bad. First marriage, wife's hidden sexuality, not my fault. Second marriage, said the wrong name at the altar, a little my fault. Third marriage, well they really shouldn't allow you to get married when you're that drunk and have writing all over your face, Nevada's fault.
No I'm serious. I mean she wants to date people? Fine! I don't care but...at least she could have told me. You knowI...I've been putting my life on hold and just concentrating on Emma but if she wants to go out there kissing guys shebarely knows, then so will I ! Very funny! Ross is gay! Ah! Ah!
You deserve to be with someone who appreciates you, and who gets how funny and sweet and amazing, and adorable, and sexy you are, you know? Someone who wakes up every morning thinking "Oh my god, I'm with Rachel". You know, someone who makes you feel good, the way I am with Julie. Was there a second of all?
No no, you're uh, you're my lobster. See um, lobsters, uhh, in the tank when, when they're old, uhh, they get with, uhh, they walk around holding the claws. In the tank, ya know, with, with the holding and. . . Uhh, Phoebs you wanna help me out with the, the whole lobster thing?
Yeah, that way I figure, ya know, we'll be far enough away from our parents that we don't have to see them all the time but close enough that they can come over and babysit whenever we want. And yes, I know, the taxes are a little higher than, let's say, Nassau county but the school system's supposedly great.
Ugh. Well, we're just gonna have to jump. Yeah. Now, we're gonna have to make sure to land to the right of that patch of ice, okay? Not hit the dumpster on the other side and uh, and try to avoid that-that weird brownish red stuff in the middle. So, when you get down there...you go up to the roof and you let me in.
Oh, is it? Is it? Look, when Monica and I were kids, we had a dog named Rover. And, uh, one day, my dad decides, he doesn't like dogs. So Monica and her friend...Phyllis...take away the dog. And that was the last time we ever saw him. Don't you see? This is just like that. Only with a few details changed.
Yeah, it was, but...I get home, ok, and I see Julie's saline solution on my night table. And I'm thinking to myself, oh my god, what the hell am I doing? I mean, here I am, I am with Julie, this incredible, great woman, who I care about and who cares about me, and I'm like, what, am I just gonna throw all that away?
Oh look, I can't believe this. Look, homo-habilus hasn't even learned how to use tools yet and they've got him here wi, with clay pots. Why don't, why don't they just give him a microwave? I'm sorry, I'm sorry this is taking so long, ya know, I, I, it's just it's longer than I expected, we will have dinner.
Ok, I gotta say. I mean, it means so much to me that you guys are coming all the way over there to hear me do my speech! UH! And I've a surprise, uh... I had to pull some strings but I was able to get everyone passes to the entire conference! That's right! This babies will get you into all the paleontology lectures and seminars.
Hello! What's this? Oh right its that girl's phone number. Yeah-yeah, there it is, just a phone number a really hot girl gave me. It's no big deal, I mean it is her home phone number, but... Whoa! Whoa-whoops, I almost lost this baby! Yeah, the lovely Amanda gives me her number and I-I go and drop it.
Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. Come on. Uh, Kristen Riggs, this is Carol Willick. Carol, Kristin. Uh, Carol teaches sixth grade. And, Kristin, Kristin... ...does something that, funnily enough, wasn't even her major!
Eh..actually no, I don't need to because your little "Ross is dead" joke didn't work, ok, there were no responses. Nobody posted anything on the website, nobody called my parents, so the joke my friend is on you. Nobody called, nobody wrote anything, nobody cares that I'm dead. Oh my God! Nobody cares that I'm dead!?
Oh, well, I, I guess it musta been the day after you were born. We were in the hospital room, your mother was asleep, and they brought you in and gave you to me. You were this ugly little red thing, and all of a sudden you grabbed my finger with your whole fist. And you squeezed it, so tight. And that's when I knew.
Well, with everything that's been going on lately, I haven't exactly been the perfect boyfriend. You know, I, uh, I didn't tell her I got Rachel pregnant. I gave her a key to my apartment, and then had the locks changed! And then I lied to her about Rachel moving in with me. In a way, I actually judge her for not breaking up with me sooner, you know?
Well, you may wanna steer clear of the word 'dumped'. Chances are he's gonna be this, this broken shell of a man, y'know, so you should try not to look too terrific, I know it'll be hard. Or, y'know, uh, hey!, I'll go down there, and I'll give Barry back his ring, and you can go with Carol and Susan to the OB/GYN...
Ross, uh and uh, I'd just like to say that it did take a lot of courage for Rachel to come here tonight. And, uh, for the record she did not run out on Barry because she had syphilis. What are you doing I'm serious. Uh, the reason she walked out on, on Barry is simply that she didn't love him, which incidentally worked out pretty well for me Cheers.
And this girl is making eyes at Chandler, okay? So after awhile he-he goes over to her and uh, after a minute or two, I see them kissing. Now, I know what you're thinking, Chandler's not the type of guy who just goes to bars and makes out with girls, and you're right, Chandler's not the type of guy who just goes to bars and makes out with...girls.
Say something clever! Okay, doesn't have to be clever, it just has to be words. Say some words. Any words will do. Oh my God! This is the longest that anyone has not talked ever! There is nothing you can say to make this worse!! So just say something!! I-I, I uh haven't had sex in a very long time. Yeah, you really shouldn't have said anything.
Look, we've been together. Okay? And then apart, and then together, and then apart, and now we have a baby. It's just if-if we got together again and it didn't work out...I could never do that to Emma. I mean she-she thinking everything- Oh that's...now me. What do they put something in the water in this place? Since Rachel and I we're doing really, we're doing really well right now.
Y'know what? I-I'm not even gonna talk about this. Okay? This little thing is over. I know you have a girlfriend! Okay--Yeah! And I know about the other professors! How do you think that makes me feel Ned?! You used me! You don't love me and you never did! Ah Professor Winston, Professor Fredrickson, I'll be right with you. Don't make this worse and I'll give you a C. Shall we?
Okay, the other night I was leaving the museum just as 'Laser Floyd' was letting out of the planetarium, without even trying I sold 50 boxes! That's when it occurred to me, the key to my success, 'The Munchies.' So I ah, started hitting the new dorms around midnight. I am selling cookies by the case. They call me 'Cookie Dude!'
Yes, hello. I have a question. Umm, I used your pen to draw on my friend's face. A beard and a moustache. Thank you. No, she didn't think so. I know it's like anyway, umm well make-up didn't cover it and we've tried everything to get it off and nothing's worked. What-what do we do? Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. Oh! Okay. Okay, thank you! Yeah, it's not coming off.
Okay, come on! Daddy needs a new pair of electromagnetic microscopes for the Prehistoric Forensics Department! Okay. Take Pinky Tuscadero up to Inspiration Point, collect three cool points!! Yeah! Which gives me five, and let's see who is gonna lose their clothes. Ummmm, I think I pick our strip poker sponsor Mr. Joey Tribianni.
Yeah, pants, what, what an idea. Or better yet, um, how 'bout you go without any pants. Look, I don't know what you're trying to do to me, but just get your butt in there and pick out any shoes that fit your feet, okay. No, no I don't care if they match. I don't care if they make your ankles or your knees or your earlobes look fat. Okay.
Hey, it'll grow back, right? And she-she's really fun, and she's cool, and-and I'm finally moving on. Y'know? I mean getting over Rachel was so , y'know? Y'know, and I'm finally feeling sane again. And now if I go up there, and-and I kiss her, and, Gooood I wanna kiss her, and-and-and it doesn't work out, right? Do I really wanna put myself through that again?
Not her. Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I can't decide between the two of them. Y'know the one from Poughkeepsie, even though she's a two hour train ride away, is really pretty, really smart, and-and a lot of fun. But this other girl, well, she lives right uptown. Y'know she's, well she's-she's just as pretty, I guess she's smart, she's not fun.
Unreasonable? How about we have this conversation when one of you guys gets married! You have no idea what it takes to make a marriage work! All right, it's about compromise! Do you always like it? No! Do you do it? Yes! Because it's not all laughing, happy, candy in the sky, drinking coffee at Central Perk all the time! It's real life, okay? It's what grown-ups do!
Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn't be more thrilled for both of you, but as Monica's older brother I-I have to tell you this. If you ever hurt my little sister, if you ever cause her any unhappiness of any kind, I will hunt you down, and kick your ass! What? I'm-I'm-I'm serious! Come-Hey! Dude! Stop it! Okay? I'm-I'm not kidding here!
Oh my God! That's Rachel naked! I can't look at that! I am looking at this. Okay, vivid colors, expressive brush strokes-Unless she wants me to be looking at that. She knows I'm home. She knows I can see her. What kind of game is she playing? I think maybe someone's lonely tonight. Oh-ho, Dr. Geller! Stop it! You're being silly! Or, am I?
Okay, umm I want you to know that I have never done anything like this before. I mean, I mean I've been in um, relationships in general, uh but I have never done it with a student-I mean I not-not it! I mean, I mean I don't-We haven't done it. Uh, I mean, I mean, we've-we've-we've done stuff. Okay, okay, a joke, a joke-lighten the mood. Umm, two guys go into a bar. One of them is Irish.
I don't know, I don't get, I don't get it, I mean, wh, wh, two months ago Rachel and I were like, this close. Right now, what, I'm takin messages from guys she, she meets at the movies? I mean this, this Casey should be takin' down my messages, ya know, or, or, Rachel and I should be together and, and we should get some kind of me, message service.
Yeah, i-it's for the museum. Someone found a bone, we want the bone, but they don't want us to have the bone, so I'm going over there to try to persuade them to give us the boit'sit's a whole big bone thing. Anyway, I'm gonna be gone for like, uh... like a week, so, uh, if you wanna reach me, y-you can't. So here's my itinerary . Um... here's a picture of me...
Marcel, c'mere, c'mere. Well buddy, this is it. There's just a coupla things I want to say. I'm really gonna miss you, and I'm never gonna forget about you. You've been more than just a pet to me, you've been more like a be- Okay, Marcel, please, could you leave my leg alone? Could you just stop humping me for two seconds?! Marcel, would- okay, just take him away. Just take him.
Okay, well here we are. Now we're in a tough spot again, Rach. What do you want to do? How do you want to handle it? Huh? Do you wanna fight for us? Or, do you wanna bail? Look, I, I did a terrible, stupid, stupid thing. Okay? And I'm sorry, I wish I could take it back, but I can't. I just can't see us throwing away something we know is so damn good. Rachel, I love you so much.
Dad...dad, please! As I was saying umm, I'm Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I'm the best man. And uh, this marriage is doubly special for me umm, because not only is the groom my best friend but uh, the bride is my little sister. And, she's the greatest sister a guy could ask for. So if you'd all please join me in raising a glass to the, the couple we're here to celebrate. To the Bings.
Yeah, I know, so what? I mean, who's-who's to say? Does that me we-we can't do it? Look, huh, I was with Carol for four years before we got married and I wound up divorced from a pregnant lesbian. I mean, this, this makes sense for us. Come on! I mean, on our first date we ended up spending the whole weekend in Vermont! I mean, last night I got my ear pierced! Me! This feels right. Doesn't it?
She's your cousin. She's your cousin! If she knew what was going on in your head she'd think you were sick! Or would she? Let's back up a second. She was the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine. She was the one who turned down the lights. She was the one that wanted to rent Logan's Run, the sexiest movie ever. Oh, I know that look. Forget it. I want it. She wants it. I'm going in.
Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and they really hit it off. Y'know? Say-say they're coming back from the theatre, and they-they stop at a pub for a couple of drinks, they're laughing, y'know, someone innocently touches someone else... There's electricity, it's new. It's exciting. Are you telling me there isn't even the slightest possibility of something happening?
...so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me! A little kid spit on my knee! Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna throw a party. That's right. For everyone in the building, and I'm gonna sit them down and explain to them, I am not a bad guy. I am not a cheap guy! I'm just a guy who-who stands up for what he believes in. A man with principles.
Now, hold on! Hold on! Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeymoon, now-now you-you tell her that I'm gonna be at that airport and I hope that she'll be there too! Oh yeah, I said Rachel's name, but it didn't mean anything, Okay? She's-she's just a friend and that's all! That's all! Now just tell Emily that I love her and that I can't imagine spending my life with anyone else. Please, promise me that you'll tell her that.
I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred thousand years or so then you can - you can just throw most of our assumptions, you know, right in the trash. So-so what I am saying is - is is that is that the repercussions could be huge! I mean, not just in palaeontology, but if-if you think about it, in evolutionary biology, uh, genetics, geology, uh, I mean, truly the mind boggles!
It's just I always thought when I had another kid it would be different. Now I-I love Ben, but every time I have to drop him off at Carol and Susan's, it's like-It breaks my heart a little. I mean I've always had this picture of me and my next wife in bed on Sunday and, my kid comes running in and leaps up onto the bed. And we all read the paper together. Y'know? Maybe fight over the science section.
Y'know, we work in a museum of natural history, and yet there is something unnatural about the way we eat lunch. Now, I look around this cafeteria, and y'know what I see, I see-I see division. Division, between people in white coats and people in blue blazers, and I ask myself, "My God why?!" Now, I say we shed these-these coats that separate us, and we get to know the people underneath. I'm Ross! I'm divorced, and I have a kid!
I mean, there's no point in spending time with someone if-if it's just fun. It's gotta be, it's gotta be going somewhere right? So where-where is it going? Ah! That's-that's the real question. And-and the answer is...is it's going somewhere...fun. Now I-I know what you're thinking, fun was fine for you like ten years ago y'know, but you're-you're not getting any younger. No I mean-No not you, not you, you-you are getting younger. I mean-you-you look like you're getting younger by the second-What's your secret?
Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons. Ross: What did you get?
Come again? What's-what's this nonsense? All right, I'm-I'm not English. I'm from Long Island. I was really nervous and the accent just uh, just came out. I'm sorry. So, if we could just get back to the lecture. Umm, were there any questions? About paleontology. All right, look I was just trying to make a good first impression. Obviously, I screwed up. But what you guys think of me is really important because I'm-I'm hoping to get a permanent job here. So if you just give me another chance to make a good impression...
Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support your local animal shelter. Pet shops are not the place to buy dogs and cats from, you get a much better deal from the shelter, plus they probably won't die on you in a week and a half. If you want a leash, go to the pet shop. If you want the dog for that leash, go to the shelter and save it's life. Now back to regularly scheduled programming.}
A pigeon, a pigeon. No, no wait, no-no, an eagle flew in. Landed on the stove and caught fire. The baby, seeing this, jumps across the apartment to the mighty bird's aid. The eagle, however, misconstrues as an act of aggression and grabs the baby on its talon. Meanwhile the faucet fills the apartment with water. Baby and bird still up lays are locked in a death grip, swirling around the whirl pool, that fills the apartment.
Well, I don't know what else to do. I mean, I either keep my wife and lose one of my-my-my best friends or I keep my friend and get divorced the second time before I'm 30! So-so if anyone has-has a better suggestion, let's hear it! 'Cause I-I got nothing! All right, don't be shy, any suggestion will do. Okay then. Here we go. Magic 8 Ball, should I never see Rachel again? Ask again later. Later is not good enough. Ask again later. What the hell! This is broken! It-it is broken!
No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you.
And that's why, no matter what mommy says, we really were on a break. Yes we were! Yes we were! Come here gorgeous. Oh! Look at you! You are the cutest little baby ever! You're just a... a little bitty baby, you know that? But you've got... You've got big beautiful eyes... Yes you do... and a... and a big round belly. Big baby butt! I like big butts. I like big butts and I cannot lie / you other brothers can't deny / when a girl walks in with an itty, bitty, waist / and a round thing in your face you get... Oh my God, Emma... you're laughing! Oh my God, you've never done that before, have you? You never done that before... Daddy made you laugh, huh? Well, daddy and Sir Mix Alot... What? What? You... you wanna hear some more? Uhm... My anaconda don't want none / unless you got buns hon... I'm a terrible father!
