...I'm, I'm okay.
Oh, that's good. Maybe he'll hear you and pull the cord.
Hey, big...
I swallowed the sonic blaster gun.
Go change! She doesn't want her parents to know she's drunk.
I am your friend, and I am not gonna let you do this!! You are surprisingly strong!
No. Not anymore.
Men are here.
We can't tell him, you can't go up to a guy you barely know and talk about his.... stuff.
No!! You can't!!
What do you think she's just gonna sit there quietly? You don't think she's gonna want to make a toast? You don't think she's gonna want to grab the microphone and sing Part-time Lover?!
You!
Let's go!
You can't just call Monica's room.
Thank you, Joey.
No.
The young hot ball and chain.
Hey, Joey, Playboy printed my joke.
Yes.
Oh no-no-no, no. No, no, no, I just, I just need a pretend ticket.
We're worried about you.
Ooh, I'm alive with pleasure now.
All right, I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna get shot down. Any advice?
I don't know, Richard's really nice and everything, uh, it's just that we don't know him really well, ya know, and plus he's, ya know, old -er than some people, but, uh, younger than some buildings.
A cool phone number, and a possible name for the kid.
Well believe it baby!
I do NOT want this unit!!
Okay! Okay! Okay!
So she was just pretending to have a good time last night? She was lying to our faces?!
Good idea. Where do you want to go to lunch?
Hey! Honey, can I ask you a question about the Valentine's Day gifts?
You're right.
Ah that's a cantelope.
Well that's not an, even a real fish. No, that's a goldfish cracker.
Uh-huh
And you're okay with that?
...And what did you bring?
I'm gonna ask Monica to marry me.
Y'think?
Well, then, I might as well offer to stay.
By the way, this didn't seem so dorky in the hall.
What?
Yeah, I understand.
Ahh-hahaha!
Ok, so let me just get this straight. So we're uh, strictly talking about the middle?
Hello!
Ho-ho, you win! 50 dollars!
If we keep talking this way, aren't we gonna freak her out soon?
Uh, what was that?
Y'know what else I can't believe? I had to kiss Phoebe and Rachel every time I left a room, I mean it's too bad they didn't see us having sex.
Yeah let's head off to work.
Well, y'know two regulars. And ah one that barely qualifies as... Ahh, what?
Good! I haven't smoked yet today, I feel great, and-and-and confident, that is a stunning blouse.
Forget about her.
No. All right, y'know what, she's gonna think that I'm handing you a credit card, but what I'm really gonna do is hand you a library card.
Not like that, I won't! Kip would have liked the birds!
See Joe, we want you to tell stories but y'know, romantic stories. Nice stories.
Oh well it's not me, it's my character, Chandy. Yeah the rogue processor who seduces his co-worker's wives for sport and then laughs about it the next day at the water cooler. In fact, I have her panties right there in my drawer.
You're welcome. Hey Joey, thanks for parking the car .
Okay, but don't touch it, because you fingers have destructive oils.
I know what you meant!! You notice that ever since we got this chick, we've been fighting a lot more than we used too?
I don't like your massages.
When it comes down to it, you would risk your life for Ross before you would for me. That's the bottom line.
Yes, but there's two in martini, soo everybody back to my office.
Yeah.
I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...
What are you smiling about? What is so funny?
Joe...
Janice is gonna go away now.
No, I don't.
Yeah, it's like someone literally wrote down my worst nightmare and then charged me $32 to see it!
Oh, I am no women, but that is one tasty dish.
Why? Okay? Why? Wh-wh-why did that have to happen?
I Think It's Great That You Work Here. You'Re Going To Make A Lot Of Money, And Here's Your First Tip. Don't eat yellow snow. . Ah ha ha, 2:15, coffeehouse.
How much did I love The King and I?
Really.
Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the sudden I have this big attitude problem.
Now Monica, I know you're upset, but don't forget. There is going to be a wedding, you are going to throw the bouquet, and then there's going to be a honeymoon, maybe in Paris.
...Take off their hats!
Lick away my man.
And that's the only colour that comes in.
Ross, ten o'clock.
Oh, sure, they love us over there.
Well, it certainly worked for that Valdez kid.
Hey, does anybody need anything copied? I'm going down to the Xerox place.
Yeah-yeah, so big that it actually makes our doors look smaller!
Hey! How'd the audition go?
If you're cooking on the stove, does that mean that your new secret boyfriend is better in bed than Richard?
Borrow money from me?
Totally crazy stupid.
Okay, it's just that dogs make me a little uncomfortable.
But I think we should tell her.
I majored in lightning rounds. All right, we're gonna destroy you.
Okay. Thanks.
Well see now that I can see crying over, but Bambi is a cartoon!
Yeah, well...
Yeah, I-I-I think so. Yeah, I-I think so...
Sorry, you had a paleontologist on your face. But, uh, it's gone now, you're alright.
And uh, Rachel, glad to have you back.
You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom...
This isn't your first surprise party, is it sir?
Alright, what have we learned so far?
It's a beautiful thing.
Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual conversation between two people. That is all.
What's it about?
Oh, uh, he's not here right now, uh, I'm Chandler, can I take a message, or, or a fishtank?
Hello children!
And that doesn't scare you?
Yeah, get out!
OK, that's enough of the view. Check this out, look at this. Sit down, sit down.
Okay, look I need your help, I don't know what to get her for Valentine's Day.
Yes, I realise that.
Oh! That's great, they haven't seen the place since I moved in!
Be right there sweetums. A totally different situation.
And the inventor of the door rests happily in his grave.
All right!
Hey!!
You know when guys hang out they don't just drink some beer and hammer up drywall?
You'll get one.
Yeah, right, yeah, I guess so.
OK, but uh, I hope you realize this means we're gonna miss hearing about the specials.
Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'.
What did you do when they found out?
I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head.
It must take you forever to find your keys.
What?!
All right, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So in the words of A. A. Milne, "Get out of my chair, dillhole!"
Hey, is Rachel here?
Oh. Oh right! Right! Because you're still seeing him and uh, he's a good guy. I mean, I remember a time when...
C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by "No thanks, it's late."
Actually, it's Miss Chinandolor Bong.
Well let's see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that's plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!
Do you think you could get through a poem?
Nothing! I said, I said "You're so great" and then I just, I just stopped talking!
No, no, this is the first time.
Well, I did put a lot of thought in the tape.
That's a bad duck!!! How'd the thing go tonight, Ross?
Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five?
I thought you were gonna be gone all day.
Too many jokes... must mock Joey!
Hello! One marriage please!
Our guy has great hair.
Yeah, well, I guess they had a fight, and he got drunk....
We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes.
What time is it now?
Nah, Nah, it's okay. I feel like I need to be in guy place. You know, do kind of like a man thing.
Ding dong, the psycho's gone.
Y'know I rued the day once...didn't get a whole lot else done.
Okay...
I didn't know that.
