Oh-oh, oh, oh-oh!
Hey listen, we've gotta go, I promised Richard we'd meet him downstairs.
Yeah, I can be a hero, I could do that. I could, I could do... I, w-w-what if, what if it attacks me?
Oh, it doesn't matter. Hey, y'know what, I've got two tickets to tonight's Rangers game, you wanna come with me?
It doesn't matter because nothing beats a three and a six. That my friend is D-Cup. Okay, now much have you won so far?
Wow! Pregnancy does give you some weird cravings.
Having a swim.
And is this in case the house sneezes?
Sorry.
Well I've forgotten what it tastes like okay?!
I have no idea.
Okay, how'd it go at the doctor's?
And uh, Rachel, glad to have you back.
Yeah, it's two guys in a ring, and the rules are "There are no rules."
That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.
But I love swing music!
Okay, you guys uh, you guys pick first
Hey!
You knew about this?
Hey!
You'll get one.
Well, it does not ring a bell with me...
Say your son never feels connected to you, as one. Say all of his relationships are affected by this.
Yeah, it is the best.
Interesting, cause in my dreams, I'm allways surprisingly inadequate.
What? What can't you do?
Well, it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out?
What does it look like I'm doing? I am cleaning!
It did enter my mind! But then something happened that made it, shoot right out.
Eeeshk.
I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would've happened already?
I think so. Yeah, get off me.
Well, you...don't look good Joe.
Because it's too delicious.
I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?
Tell her, I'm allergic, and I will sue!
Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he'll never be President. There's never gonna be a President Joey.
No, no, no.
Yeah, that's her.
Are you serious?
Go on.
It's Paris, who knows we're here!
That's not backing me up! Look, you said with the off-stage and the heat, and the onstage and the oy heat.
Here.
Ross, don't. Ross!
No I'm serious, we should tell each other everything. I do not have any secrets from you.
Yeah y-you, how hard is it to say something? Rachel came over to borrow something.
Question. If I don't care about my watch, can I use it as a weapon?
Pheebs, I don't understand. How can you have a roommate that none of us know anything about?
Are you kidding? Okay, I'll give you a hint; I'll give you a hint.
