Hey uh, y'know that smell gas has?
Ohh.
You slept with my sister?
Oh, now you can exchange them if you want, ok.
Oh no, no, no, wait, wait, Isabella. Don't, don't just dismiss this so fast. I mean this is a once in a lifetime opportunity...
Hiiiiii.
What's going on?
Sure, okay.
That little naked guy would be me.
Oh, I am very in.
Okay, so on our no-date evening, three of you now have dates.
Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister's teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh? This isn't right.
Chandler?! You brought Chandler?! The next best thing would be Monica!
It does. It really and truly does.
Wow, Monica's letting other people help decorate her tree! Did someone get her drunk again or?
200 at least.
Hey, what's this?!
Okay, we could still make dinner if we skipped the appetisers and asked for our check right away.
It was just a kiss.
You okay?
A loser you did it with 298 times!
The word you're looking for is 'Anyway'...
You should've seen the look on her face. I don't want Rachel to hate me! I don't know what to do.
Look Carol umm, I was, I was thinking maybe uh, maybe we can spice things up a little.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. You looked at her. You never look. You just answer, it's just a reflex. Do I look fat? Nooo! Is she prettier than I am? Noo! Does size matter?
Joey, I figured you'd understand. I mean, I-I've known him a lot longer.
Oh, please. I am not singing to your stomach, ok?
What?
Two seconds...
Man, I sure miss Julie.
A new place for a new Ross. I'm gonna have you and all the guys from work over once it's y'know, furnished.
I got itI'm getting it!
Yes that's right.
C'mon kid, let's go.
No, Susans gonna be there too. Weve got dads, weve got lesbians, the whole parenting team.
Ewwww!!
Look at him. I'm not saying he has to spend the whole evening with me, but at least check in.
Um, Monica and I aren't supposed to play football.
It went great! And I didn't need any jokes or naked chicks either!
What's going on?
Yes! Yes! Yes!!
No, hi, I'm, I'm an honorary Brown Bird
Maybe it's uh Sergeant Sagittarius coming back to flirt some more!
So then if-if-I mean if you think about it, this is all your fault.
Was there...uh, huh, huh, huh... andybody, anybody else there.
I really wish that you wouldn't.
Yeah well, he's not gonna get this one. Ben is way cuter than that kid. I mean look at him, look at you,
Well, these. These are yours right here.
Yeah. But, the good news is that Phoebe said that I could stay at her place for a while. So...
No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I'm happy for ya, but I'm tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don't know what to do anymore.
Look I told you...
Wow, couples who live together do start to look alike. So, Mondler...uh, what uh, what 'cha doin?
Oh yeah, how about you and the, "I'm sorry!"
I'm gonna tell Mom.
OK, I need to lie down.
My God! These pants are burning up! Oh come on, she wants to snuggle now! What is she trying to kill me? It's like a volcano in here! Are you hot?
We were drunk! I would've married uh, Joey with that amount of alcohol!
Hey, that guy did not hypnotise me! Okay.
Oh my God, what happened?
Yes, you can, very much.
Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh this is it. Oh my god it's baby time. Baby time.
Hey Pheebs, what's going on?
No, because she hasn't come home yet. And she hasn't been home all night! She's obviously staying with that other guy, and I'm the stupid moron who spent the whole night outside her apartment!
Long story, honey.
Oh really! Why is that?
... and that's the story of the dreidle. Now, some people trace the Christmas tree back to the Egyptians, who used to bring green palm branches into their huts on the shortest day of the year, symbolising life's triumph over death. And that was like 4000 years ago.
Thanks. I know you guys like to give me a hard time and all, but it really means a lot to me that you like her. Just knowing that you guys are...
It hurts my teeth.
I'm really gonna miss this apartment. Y'know, Ben-Ben took his first steps right over there.
I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mouth and tied it around my neck...
Well, I mean if uh, if Emily gave me a choice...
Yes. Yes. Yes! Yes, I really do! In fact, it's funny, very often, someone who you wouldn't think could-could curl your toes, might just be the one who...
Thank you, Dr. Phillips, but I'm having my lunch at this table, here in the middle. I'm having lunch right here, with my good friend Joey, if he'll sit with me.
Why not?
Okay, look, I-I know what you guys are going to say...
Can I use.. either thumb?
OK, I'm gonna go say goodbye to the guys.
Oh, taking my parents back to the hotel.
Look, I'm sorry, but you guys are wrong. I just don't want to be divorced three times.
No, no, Carol. There's nothing wrong with it. I just, I just don't think breast milk is for adults.
Who would you rather be Simon or Garfunkle?
This is not good for my rage.
Because I am bored...Out of my mind. I've already been to the bank, post office, and the dry cleaners.
Well, I asked him if he wanted to eat, he said, "No." I asked him if he wanted to sleep, he said, "No." I asked him what he wanted to do, he said, "No." So, he's sweeping.
Y'know what? Fine! Get attacked! I don't even care!
That's so Janine, you-you-you know what, do you know we're doing right now? You and I, we're interfacing.
It could happen.
No! No, I won't! I'll be at the bottom of the dating barrel now. The only guys below me will be Four Divorce Guy uh, Murderer Guy, and-and, Geologists.
Shh! Here we come, walkin' down the street, get the funniest looks from, everyone we meet. Hey, hey! Hey, uh, did you just feel that?
You'll see.
No. No, y'know you don't, you don't wear enough of this. What?
Dad that won't matter to her. Look, all my stuff is safe and dry and all her is-is, is growing new stuff! See, this is exactly the kind of thing that makes her think you guys love me more than you love her.
Really?! I mean, really?!!
Yeah, but don't you think....
Thank you, but, but you gotta leave.
Every week, the TV Guide comes to Chandler and Joey's apartment. What name appears on the address label?
Good luck!
Excuse me, your, your, your wind?
Now umm, remember I'm still learning.
Did you talk about the night of five times? Do you tell people about the night of five times?
